The second speaker was Harvey Barcus , President of the Dog Writers Ass'n of America .
( Mussorgsky cleverly contrasts the two groups by their orchestral accompaniment , solemn chords or mocking staccatos .
The situation with regard to our attitude and `` control '' of disease contains close analogies to problems confronting us with respect to people .
McKenzie , the art editor , took one look at my finished sketch and said , `` Nothing doing , Rufus .
He had just paid a brief visit to the Frick Collection to admire his favorite paintings by Rembrandt and Franz Hals .
As it has turned out , however , the excessive enthusiasm in the first instance and the loss of hope in the second were both wrong responses .
Further , there is no mileage charge or mileage limitations when you lease a car , and you pay only the flat monthly rate plus a nominal charge for documents and insurance since the car is registered and insured individually for your trip .
SAAMI's field men have served as consultants and/or have participated in 75 Teen Hunter Club activities which have reached over 40,000 enthusiastic young Americans .
The church truly is not a rest home for saints , but a hospital for sinners .
It enables towns to make more economical purchases and to take advantage of cash discounts .
That Jaguar could really barrel along .
As noted in Appendix C , index words 97 through 99 are never available for assignment to symbolic names by the compiler ; ;
But by the end of the three-month period , in October 1960 , something approaching calm settled on the Congo .
He immediately rode on to Cheyenne , threw a ten-day drinking spree and dropped some very strong hints among friends .
He stopped stone-still .
Recent studies by Weston and Stack had indicated that a turbine aerator could be added to an oxidation pond to increase the rate of oxygen transfer .
a collection of English , French and German coins , valued at $500 ; ;
Isn't all art ambiguous ? ?
His best mile to date is 2:28-:33 .
Beneath the dome I saw the spot where the Byzantine Emperors were crowned , a bit of floor protected now by a wooden fence .
I took the broken length of it around the tractor and I took one of the wrenches from the tool-kit and I struck its head , not looking at it , to kill it at last , for it could never live .
As Sandburg said at the time : `` It is as ancient as the medieval European ballads brought to the Appalachian Mountains , it is as modern as skyscrapers , the Volstead Act , and the latest oil well gusher '' .
Civilization itself -- tradition -- falls out of existence when the human spirit itself becomes confused .
Timothy Palmer had general supervision of the work .
It is a flavor that might take a little getting used to -- not because it is unpleasant , but because the flavor is hard to define in the light of our experience with other fruits .
if the Government certifies that production may be possible from the property , the royalty obligation continues for the 10-year period usually specified in the contract or until the Government's contribution is repaid with interest .
The logic of creating a strong , balanced , competitive two-system railroad service in the East is so obvious that B. & O. was publicly committed to the approach outlined here .
Graph in Fig. 1 , p. 392 , indicates how the ratio of compressive strength to density varies as the latter is increased or decreased .
`` What did you think about Bang-Jensen's contention of errors and omissions in the Hungarian report '' ? ?
Without exception Hino's brothers turned to either one or both of their father's occupations , but Hino showed a talent for neither and instead spent most of his time on the beach where he repaired nets and proved immensely popular as a storyteller .
Six
Sposato couldn't wait to get me hired .
The safest procedure is to let your builder estimate the size of the unit you need , rather than trying to do this yourself .
The plaintiff in school desegregation cases .
When we `` forced '' individuals to assume the corporate structure by means of taxes and other legal statutes , we adopted what I would term `` pseudo-capitalism '' and so took a major step toward socialism .
Extreme caution should be used , however , to avoid the conflicting usage of an index word or electronic switch which may result from the assignment of more than one name or function to the same address .
The second reason for his popularity is his complete spontaneity with the guitar .
The only thing , this lotion has glycerin in it , and that whitens the skin , so if you're so anxious to get a tan , you may not want to use it '' .
Stein said he needed the money , Leavitt said , to `` meet the payroll '' at National Maintenance company .
`` Oh , I'd love to '' .
Great professors do not automatically reproduce themselves .
`` Then why don't you stop squinting '' ? ?
But when this proposal was made to his Deacon Board , he met unanimous opposition .
How he loathed him .
There will be no mitigation of these offences until all art schools , whether independent or attached to universities have separate accreditation -- as do medical schools -- by an art accreditation group such as the `` National Association of Schools of Art '' .
His father , George A. Mercer , was descended from an honored Southern family that could trace its ancestry back to one Hugh Mercer , who had emigrated from Scotland in 1747 .
The women's faces had hardened after my statement .
In these cases , the turnpike managements have had to turn to toll-rate increases , or to costly improvements such as extensions or better connections with other highways .
After television , `` La Dolce Vita '' seems as harmless as a Gray Line tour of North Beach at night .
Finally , the image of a general bundle of lines is a congruence whose order is the order of the congruence of invariant lines , namely Af and whose class is the order of the image congruence of a general plane field of lines , namely Af .
Occasionally he would look across the aisle at Margaret , fourteen and demure in a fresh green organdy dress , sitting in the sixth-grade row , and he could hardly believe she would do what Charles had said she did .
Kitti could have married a score of men .
Thus he complains , with considerable justice , that the Tory writers have resorted to libel instead of answering his arguments .
`` This is a long picture and a controversial one , but basically it is a moral , enthralling and heartbreaking description of humans who have become unlinked from life as perhaps Rome has from her traditional political , cultural and religious glories '' .
He handed the guard's rifle to Fiske .
A year and a day of this idyll is described for the reader , one in which not only discovery of a new world of personality is charted , but self-discovery as well .
they were like this fifty-odd years ago , and yesterday .
We are Assistant District Attorneys .
They were both so young , after all , so unready for any final parting .
Definition .
Hamilton , poorest of the seven , gave up a brilliant law practice to enter Washington's Cabinet .
Todman , you take the one on the left .
Mobile was also supplied by New Orleans with goods for the Mobile district .
Not much to shoot , but there are a few pheasant .
One of the first moves made after a cabinet decision was to request the United States to establish a full-fledged military assistance group instead of the current civilian body .
He might be very tight , but he knew where he was .
She wanted to go around the world , but she settled for a French holiday .
It was at my first Communion .
Upstairs , busy feet , showering like raindrops , pattered around her room .
He must , in short , cease to be a detective and become a rebel .
When he came to Baltimore , he was leaving a team which was supposed to win the National League pennant , and he was joining what seemed to be a second division American League club .
Where to put it
The note paper was pink , too , and the handwriting small and dainty and utterly feminine .
Let us now give some thought to the soul .
`` Listen ! !
One validated acts of school districts .
Available in Af sheets , it costs about a dollar a square foot .
Lead up ! !
When he felt the side of his head , his fingers came away covered with blood .
`` For Christ's sake '' ! !
If so , then it is clear that in saying the suffering was bad we are not expressing our feelings only .
`` Hey '' ! !
He could lead a patrol and he knew his paper work .
Berger insisted that `` we know enough to sue for the full amount '' .
During the summer of 1960 , it became the setting for a bitter and basic labor-management struggle .
And which theory would govern the enforcers of the law on Sunday ? ?
Can any Christian fail to respond to these words ? ?
( Would she have been able to had she known that the blanket belonged to a young ballet dancer Nicolas had found his first night in one of Walter's marked bars ? ?
If she sensed any unusual preoccupation on the part of her mother , she did not comment upon it .
She'd say she didn't feel good on Sunday , couldn't go to church -- there'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn -- and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she'd need to take , all but the dress she'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime .
More often than not , as the Old Grad wanders along the old paths , his memory of happy days when he strolled one of the paths with a coed beside him becomes an ache and a pain .
Regarding Atlanta's new multi-million-dollar airport , the jury recommended `` that when the new management takes charge Jan. 1 the airport be operated in a manner that will eliminate political influences '' .
Any needy family living in San Francisco can obtain toys by writing to Christmas Toys , 676 Howard street , San Francisco 5 , and listing the parent's name and address and the age and sex of each child in the family between the ages of 1 and 12 .
Of all the Whig tracts written in support of the Succession , The Crisis is perhaps the most significant .
The tables include those for the classification angles , refractive indices , and melting points of the various types of crystals .
If the drift error is systematic , it can be canceled with a bias circuit which can be arranged and adjusted to supply the required compensating current .
He stuck his head in Mrs. Kirby's little rental office .
At right is a casual style in a crushed unlined white leather .
Abel moved and adjusted his long legs .
He tried to tell the Lady Da , but the words weren't quite straight .
But Kruger's men keep them off balance , and they don't trust me .
place design-side up on plaster board .
It is also symptomatic of a change in attitude which appears to be spreading all across the South .
Shell people resembled mature dwarfs in size whatever their natal deformities were , but the well-oriented brain would not have changed places with the most perfect body in the Universe .
These are few and seemingly disjointed data , but they illustrate the important fact that fundamental alterations in conditioned reactions occur in a variety of states in which the hypothalamic balance has been altered by physiological experimentation , pharmacological action , or clinical processes .
A board of health spokesman said there is no reason to believe that an increase in the level here will occur as a result of the detonation .
in who's a linguist ? it will generally be on the complement a linguist .
The ambiguities suggested above stem from a more basic difficulty in Fromm's style of thought .
Adequate compensation is indispensable .
However , the Federal Court held that since the State had accepted the provisions of the Wagner-Peyser Act into its own Code , and presumably therefore also the regulations , it was now a State matter .
The average of states' rates is $.076 per mile .
He asked .
Attendance continued to run ahead of last year's during the five-day show , with clear skies helping attract fairgoers .
An ancient Rolls-Royce , as shiningly impressive as the day it came off the ship , was parked at the curb .
An existentialist is a man who perceives himself only as `` esse '' , as existence without substance .
But his hands and those of Donovan moved automatically adjusting and arranging in the check-out procedure .
But most learn to color and paint as and when they are ready with only a very little demonstration .
Additional records of slow growth have been omitted .
The Corn Palace at Mitchell , S. Dak. , `` the world's corniest building '' , has a carnival through Sept. 23 headlining the Three Stooges and Pee Wee Hunt .
Here's why :
time was not yet .
The suburban high school , it is worth noting , also is not a widely comprehensive high school because of the absence of vocational programs .
Slowly , like a man grown old , he took Eli's hand and led him below to the tower study , guiding him to a chair beside the little hearth where a fire still burned .
White pepper is the ground seed of the common black pepper fruit .
Only two people in the state of Illinois knew that I was entering Hanover State Hospital under an assumed name , or why .
Apparently this is not the time and the climate in which people will listen objectively , or at least dispassionately , to individual impressions of a subject which preoccupies a good deal of their waking moments .
( C. A. J. Hoeve , P. J. Flory ) anionic Polymerization
The glorious news had been held up pending Heavenly confirmation of the elevation of a new Supreme Bishop , Huey Short -- a candidate accepted by the Boone faction after lots had been cast repeatedly .
The sergeant in charge climbed to his feet .
`` Not so well's I remember you '' , he said .
For over the years he had received many such calls .
And for a man who traveled around without any change of clothing , a few more stains on his dark suit may very well have gone unnoticed .
They took nearly a month to investigate , marshal statistics , and put their arguments down in black and white .
Varlaam is loud , rowdy , uninhibited in his pleasures and impatient with anyone who is not the same .
I can't tell you now the distance in lightyears or what star this was , though you can see it with the naked eye at night in this hemisphere .
Richardson glanced to sea and started slightly .
This bill should be paid within 30 days .
They kept him alive , waiting .
I can't help it '' .
He has measured the skinfolds ( the fleshy areas under the shoulder blades ) of Neapolitan firemen , studied the metabolism of Finnish woodcutters , analyzed the `` mealie-meal '' eaten by Capetown coloreds , and experimented on Minneapolis businessmen .
Some date it from woman suffrage , others from when women first began to challenge men in the marketplace , still others from the era of the emancipated flapper and bathtub gin .
He was in his mid-fifties at this time , long past the establishment of his name and the wish to be lionized yet once again , and it was almost a decade since he had sworn off lecturing .
This is not unlike the order received by the sergeant of an army motor pool : `` Four trucks to Fort Mason gym , 7:30 tonight , for hauling girls to dance .
Quince seed gum is the main ingredient in wave-setting lotions .
Told them I can handle this '' .
And surely his Scapin has a fresh directness , a no-nonsense quality that seems to make him his own master and nobody's servant .
In fact , he intimated clearly that that was the reason that Wilson had been sent here -- to make a larger contribution of dollar money .
Neglect means spiritual paralysis or death .
This theorem is similar to the theorem of Kakutani that there exists a circumscribing cube around any closed , bounded convex set in Af .
he could be subjected to law only because he agreed to be .
With all the energy of his broken body he prayed , `` Father , forgive them , for they know not what they do '' .
The sweater was gone from the refrigerator , and in its place was a large plastic bag , full of wet pink clothes .
As early as 1913 Ghoreyeb and Karsner demonstrated with perfusion studies in dogs that bronchial artery flow would remain constant at a certain low level when pressure was maintained in the pulmonary artery and vein , but that increases in bronchial artery flow would occur in response to a relative drop in pulmonary artery pressure .
In addition , the inner surface of the carbon shield was covered with aluminum foil to reduce radiation .
`` We'll talk over at your office '' .
the program resulted in a cutback of around 20% in planted acreage and , as a result , reduced the immediate need for machines .
`` That's a fact , Mr. Partlow .
Such high-resolution observations as these are needed at several wave lengths in order that the radio emission of the moon can be properly interpreted .
Taxing improvements
He rocked back in the chair , knee locked against stomach , his beady eyes fixed on Matson .
In addition , it would be difficult to imagine chronic generalized emphysema occurring in a cow , considering its marked lobular development but , conversely , not difficult to imagine this occurring in the horse or the dog .
The half-man woke , recognized Mercer and gave him a healthily sleepy grin .
On his bookshelves were some of the latest American novels , including Bellow's Seize The Day , but he hadn't read them ( they were sent by American publishers ) and wasn't especially interested in what the American writers were up to .
As he ranged his belongings on the bureau he noticed a film of white dust on the dark surface of the wood beyond the linen cover .
He rejects dimensions of 70 feet and more .
In sum , it can be said that the techniques and standards of present day have their origin at the turn of the century .
Mercer smiled at her through his happiness .
Mostly the scene was crowded with mourners , such as the dramatic Dell'Arca Lamentation in Bologna , where the grief-stricken spectators had usurped Mary's last poignant moment .
He is a utopian with a stake in tomorrow and he is a vulnerable human made captive by the circumstances of today .
Did anything happen during the night '' ? ?
The sneers at Hearst changed to concern when it was seen that he had strong support in many parts of the country .
6 .
There is a New South emerging , a South losing the folksy traditions of an agrarian society with the rapidity of an avalanche -- especially within recent decades .
In a series of fairy tales and fantasies , Melies demonstrated that the film is superbly equipped to tell a straightforward story , with beginning , middle and end , complications , resolutions , climaxes , and conclusions .
Now , of course , that the Russians are the nuclear villains , radiation is a nastier word than it was in the mid , when the US was testing in the atmosphere .
Furthermore , there were solid musical virtues in the interpretation of the music .
Many people use wicker cradles for old red wine , lifting the bottle carefully from the bin into the cradle and eventually to the table , without disturbing the sediment .
A fragmented Society
On the fringe of the amused throng of white onlookers stood a young woman of remarkable beauty and poise .
His widow started the circulation of petitions after Barnard was reprimanded for violating the probation .
Good God above , had not Domokous been enough ? ?
He had not felt that during the afternoon .
Since Af is ferromagnetic , we felt that any results obtained from the magnetically contaminated Af would be suspect .
`` No divinity will hold still for that .
I'm just finishing breakfast .
They recommended , also , that `` at a fixed hour , let the entire family be assembled for night prayers , followed by a short reading of the Holy Scriptures '' .
He declared the government is thinking of asking for foreign troops if the situation worsens .
Choose a location within easy commuting distance of both the regular job and other employment opportunities .
Large warehouses flanked the street on which the hall fronted .
Half slyly he enjoyed seeing her stoop to lift the things .
but with the growth of state and federal fiscal aid , the emphasis on equalization , and the state-local sharing of responsibility for certain important functions , this is no longer true .
The next days may show where things stand .
Alec gave him a tip and let him go .
Also , it has been suggested that the source of all or part of the dust may not be the same as that for visual or radar meteorites ( Best , 1960 ) , and the same distribution would not be expected .
I mean : Is advertising honest ? ?
She was listening to other voices , out of the future .
He hasn't used it now for several years .
The Carleton Service Fund provides the financial support for this program .
In the midst of a great busy city , people take time to enjoy the beauty of natural reflection of artificial light .
I have a hunch Marv Breeding might move up a notch .
The latter are either too stupid to catch the killer or too corrupt to care .
Hanford College , Little Ivy League , had no room for football players with low grades .
Freddy's solution doesn't appeal to me .
We have shown that the graph of F contains at least one component whose inverse is the entire interval {0,T} , and whose multiplicity is odd .
`` I can remove the ball , can't I '' ? ?
Since the provision of skywave service requires adequate freedom from interference , only class 1 , stations are capable of rendering skywave service .
The air hose was free ! !
With Hudson looking on , his protege Greene picked a fight with the ship's surgeon , Edward Wilson .
The kid hit the bigger man with an audible thwump ! !
There are eight states in which the largest urban vote can be the balance of power in any close election .
`` Why don't you name him Jesus Christ ! !
The greatest difference in the two sets of figures is due to differences in the two sets of lists used .
Since electrical stimulation of the posterior hypothalamus produces the effects of wakefulness while stimulation of the anterior hypothalamus induces sleep , it may be said that the reactivity of the whole organism is altered by a change in the autonomic reactivity of the hypothalamus .
Brenner shrugged carelessly .
Hillman had ordered him not to leave the far bank .
It was the same old routine .
What it does :
This conflict may be resolved in a way which will suit white middle-class people better than it suits white lower-class people .
Drill a No. 50 hole , tap 2-56 and insert a roundhead 2-56 screw as you did on the first end .
Even before he hit big money , he had begun buying modern paintings .
These destructive forces also have a seriously adverse effect upon the watersheds and their life-supporting waterflows , and upon the other renewable forest resources .
His grand-daughter sighed .
`` You can get a job working in a grocery store , if nothing else '' .
Poultry
Thus `` America '' , the most widely sung of the patriotic songs , was written by a New England Baptist clergyman , Samuel Francis Smith ( 1808-1895 ) , while a student in Andover Theological Seminary .
Holding the pistol concealed , he walked to the rear wall of the stockade .
`` They're the ones we can expect to do better '' .
Pohl and Kornbluth's ad men have long since thrown out appeals to reason and developed techniques of advertising which tie in with `` every basic trauma and neurosis in American life '' , which work on the libido of consumers , which are linked to the `` great prime motivations of the human spirit '' .
Not defending England , or being an ace , or fighting for humanity .
Mama said that if Presidents were supposed to be colorful , Mr. Coolidge certainly made a good president .
`` They're looking for trouble '' .
`` Arianist '' ! !
She had skipped her lunch hour in the fear that he might call while she was out .
The Koreans fell back , but regrouped at the top of the hill and pinned down the cavalrymen with a screen of fire .
One of the most intriguing questions is whether the recent departures of the Federal Reserve authorities from confining their open market operations to Treasury bills will spread into longer-term Government securities in the next few months .
It is something more than the arithmetical sum of individual totals of piety and detachment .
Counsel for the Government invited Du Pont's views on this proposal before recommending a specific program , but stated that if the court desired , or if counsel for Du Pont thought further discussion would not be profitable , the Government was prepared to submit a plan within thirty days .
There was something about his face that disturbed me and it took several seconds to realize what .
This refers to what had happened after the Earl of Warwick died in 1590 , when the town petitioned Burghley for the right to name the vicar and schoolmaster and other privileges but Greville bought the lordship for himself .
They had Vermouth , sitting in front of a cafe .
He'd mounted up immediately and raced with a revolver ready toward the spot from which he'd estimated the shot had come .
This must be considered primarily an amendment and supplement to his early A Short Description Of Item-Categories In Iraqw .
L. M. Birkhead challenged him to name one and he was silent .
So long as Sally's pa was coming out best on the haggle , Dan didn't feel the need of putting in his two-bits' worth .
In four of his nine previous seasons Mays hit as many as 25 home runs and stole as many as 25 bases .
Some of them are obvious , such as the fact that we associate recorded and live music with our responses and behavior in different types of environments and social settings .
He has his own system of shorthand , devised by abbreviations : `` humility '' will be `` humly '' , `` with '' will be `` w '' , and `` that '' will be `` tt '' .
They consider it simply a sign of our times .
The mare began to tire and Clayton felt the spray of snow from the hoofs of Gavin's stallion .
between performances , enthusiastic young men from the audience will take the floor to demonstrate their own amateur graces .
She also mentioned leaving a little bunch of flowers at the bust of Lauro Di Bosis .
For vector spaces over non-algebraically closed fields , we still need to find some substitute for characteristic values and vectors .
This Woman had no distinct shape or size and no particular face , but she radiated warmth , a sweet warmth ; ;
Note : If 1/2-inch panel board is used inside and out , or 5/8-inch one side and 3/8-inch the other , and 1/8-inch glass is used , stock lumber in Af , Af , and Af can be used in making the glass panels .
At the inquest she was asked specifically whether she knew anybody her father had bad feelings toward , or who had bad feelings toward her father .
Our understanding will very probably require both these commentaries .
The African rock python , a close second , is followed in turn by the reticulate python .
Clad in mink and diamonds , she listened to Assistant District Attorney Anthony Liebler describe her to the arraigning judge :
The system is composed of three credit services , Federal Land Banks and National Farm Loan Associations , Federal Intermediate ( short-term ) Credit Banks , and Banks for Cooperatives .
They began to describe in detail the woman's capacity for response .
Although there are landscapes in the show ( one of the strongest is a vista of `` Gloucester Harbor '' in 1915 ) , the human element was the compelling factor in Sloan's art .
Nonetheless , they take time out -- much time -- from the game of grab and these new Western experiments to go to the gardens and riverbanks .
Until the last year or so the profession of friendship with the United States had been an article of faith with Trujillo , and altogether too often this profession was accepted here as evidence of his good character .
I had part of a bottle of French beer called Panther Pils ( so help me ) , then switched to Tuborg .
At the door Alex managed to persuade the increasingly astonished fille de chambre to return in ten minutes .
This went faster than scheduled as the Martians were helpful .
Milton himself , uncommunicative as he is about his lesser and nonliterary activities , at least gives us some evidence that he was a great walker , under any and all conditions .
Quint glared .
Perhaps you do not know if you belong to Him .
A shock wave from Africa
Each mode is believed to have a specific attribute -- one inducing pleasure , another generosity , another love , and so on , to include all of the emotions .
to the editor :
the objective of this chapter is to clarify the distinctions between spontaneity theory and other training concepts .
Henry Miller characterized Patchen as a `` man of anger and light '' .
Most of this testimony may have been legally admissible as bearing on the corpus delicti of the total Nazi crime but seemed subject to question when not tied to the part in it of the defendant's Department of Jewish Affairs .
The Lummus Cotton Gin Co. has had a sales and service office in Dallas since 1912 .
they are also trained with carbines , automatic weapons , pistols , rifles and other such ladies' accessories .
Such , he implies , is the case with his friend , who is not really a new convert himself but merely a favorer of new converts .
But preservation of the natural beauty of the Cape is of more than regional concern , for the automobile age has made it the recreation spot of people from all over the country .
It was not candy wrapping .
Again , the composer must select his own materials .
`` The reason for this '' , the orders said , `` is that the enemy may think to take advantage of the celebration of this day .
Yet are not we of the mid-twentieth century , who rightly do not believe there is any such `` thing '' as the devil , just as bad off as they -- only in a different way ? ?
This gun has a 12-1/2-inch stock and is available in either 20 or gauge .
Mickey's eyes fixed on the other's feet , which would first betray the moment and direction of an attack .
( In the graveyard at Nairobi he had been shown the graves of thirty-four big game hunters killed hunting the animals he was attempting to lasso .
But the warm joy of her brown eyes was open to the general public .
The damage to human germ plasm would be such that in the next few generations 160,000 children around the world would be born with gross physical or mental defects .
`` Sure '' , said Angie .
The thought came back , the one nagging at him these past four days .
The Feeding of Birds is Prohibited in This square .
It was one of a series of recommendations by the Texas Research League .
His offices are in Springfield , Mo. .
I played on it my secret songs , unexplained , passionate and peaceful '' .
It was just as well that the ignorant Dandy enjoyed himself to the hilt that first evening , for the room was to become his prison cell .
He did not reply , going on toward the back .
Only one objected , but Palfrey soon convinced him that he ought to go with the others .
It ranged from a freshman woman , just married , through the various academic growth stages , including one senior-graduate student , to a young faculty member recently married to a senior man who also attended .
The expedient thing -- yes , very true , one must make do as one could , in some situations .
No less an authority than the FHA concurs that the savings air conditioning makes possible more than offset its operating costs .
In the main , this course took the following directional high roads .
He had seen a few nester wagons go through the country , the families almost starving to death , but he had never seen any of them on foot and as bad off as these two .
I'll saddle the horses and bring them round .
`` What in the world '' , echoed others , those come with the beans , potatoes , the tomatoes , `` will any of us do '' ? ?
She had lost the extra torsos .
After the war , Penny had wanted Keith at least to visit her home with her .
Af is the friction force between chip and knife surfaces , and P is the normal force acting on the face of the knife .
In Nassau , as in other systems , the long-range objective is to bring the maximum service of libraries to bear on the schools , and on adult education in general .
When he finally did he had to duck his head quickly away as the pitch came in .
The President said his proposals combine the `` indispensable elements in a sound health program -- people , knowledge , services , facilities , and the means to pay for them '' .
To form spout , between two designs , dampen area slightly and gently push clay outward .
Less than three hours ago we'd decided , in Maxine Wells's pad on Cosmo , to commit a trial murder .
Complementing the political principle of nationalism is the legal principle of sovereignty .
A bright sun and brisk wind had the track in a fast condition for the first time this week and 8,280 St. Patty Day celebrants bet $842,617 on the well-prepared program .
But that was only natural , I decided ; ;
Lawrence listened with the practiced , deceptive calm of the lawyer , but his face was in the shadow .
Proof .
In the central contest , that for Mayor , they may have found some pertinent points in what each faction has said about the other .
If not , how long to order and what is the price '' ? ?
`` I have a little job for you , Charlie .
Before long the atmosphere reverted to its old normalcy , and insects hummed and birds occasionally called .
With such a force of manned bombers we could bring enormous pressure to bear on an enemy , and this pressure would be selective and extremely discriminating .
The recommendation of the Department -- as well as the decision of the appeal board -- was based entirely on the local board file , not on an FBI report .
While with the Whiteman band Mercer met Jerry Arlen .
In these readings , the double bass is either kept discreetly in the background , or it is dressed in clown's attire -- the musical equivalent of a bull in a china shop .
( B )
Even so Fosdick , as the new Chairman of the Commission on Training Camp Activities , encountered strong and vociferous opposition .
Uncle Sam would then accuse them of creating a monopoly by `` unfair competition '' .
The Jeep fought its way through the low spot and got onto higher ground .
A letter of a few days later from Washington's aide to Morgan stated , `` His Excellency is highly pleased with your conduct upon this occasion '' .
The music arrived , taking him its rhythm .
Across the road is the kitchen , and waiters bearing great trays of dishes dodge traffic as nimbly as their French colleagues at the restaurant in the Place Du Tertre in Paris .
Whether this abnormal TSH differs chemically from pituitary TSH , or is , alternatively , normal TSH with its period of effectiveness modified by some other blood constituent , cannot be decided without chemical study of the activity in the blood of these patients and a comparison of the substance responsible for the blood activity with pituitary Aj .
Salvation reconsidered .
He said tensely , `` All right .
`` Did you ever know a man with greater zest for information ? ?
As he drove , he filled in Timothy Rourke briefly on the events of the evening after leaving the reporter to go to the Peralta house , and on his own surmises .
All four remained impacted on the sofa until he had left .
Beckett's own work is an example .
2 .
The first capability is represented by a combination of manned bombers , carrier-based aircraft , and intercontinental and intermediate range missiles .
Pelham said Sunday night there was research being done on whether the `` quickie '' vote on the increase can be repealed outright or whether notice would have to first be given that reconsideration of the action would be sought .
That way was barred on both sides of the road by a high barbed-wire fence .
He lurched drunkenly to his feet , lowered his head , and took one step away from the wall .
She was watching a tree ride wildly down that roiling current .
Now ! !
There was no weapon Early could not take apart and reassemble blind-folded .
An octillion atoms
Russ pointed upward .
`` Why not '' ? ?
Wheat-germ , brewer's yeast and ground kelp are used in bread and in dishes such as spaghetti sauce , meat loaves .
A fire wouldn't have mattered except that it would cause Pops to be found sooner .
Liston is Bill Liston , baseball writer for the Boston Traveler , who quoted Jensen as saying :
It is not unfair to add on the other side that the crude and almost vitriolic approach of certain fundamentalist sects toward the cultures and religions among which they work has contributed measurably to this heightening of anti-Christian sentiment .
His mouth fell open .
He shivered , and then tore away the blood-soaked parts and wound the rest around his neck like a scarf .
Federal responsibility for education of the citizens .
but for this discussion the most important division is between those who have been reconstructed and those who haven't .
Shayne drove westward from the Boulevard slowly , letting Rourke crane his head out the window and watch for street numbers .
For top and bottom pieces , use short end of mold as measurement guide .
The respective vocabularies `` essential for travel '' are available in separate albums .
Do you know where it might have gone '' ? ?
Few of the neighbors came , but Mrs. Tussle came , called by tragedy .
Seeing the man he blamed for this made much of -- youth and bitterness and --
At the time I was filled with self-pity at this separation , but in the years since I have come to understand that the sight of me was painful to them after that outcry .
If Nikita buys a small plot in some modest rural cemetery , everyone will understand .
This softened the skin so that in the morning when the bandage was removed the corn could be scraped off and a bit of corn plaster put on .
Burial had taken place at night in the ground at the public crossroads under the gibbet , so that his enemies could not find his body and have it dug up and burned .
It may be true that pool lighting dramatizes an evening scene , but lights also attract all the insect life for miles around .
It sounded like a fair enough invitation , Peter Marshall reflected , and Bang-Jensen must have thought so too , because on the thirteenth , he met the group of three on the thirty-sixth floor of the U.N. .
Lincoln was sure that he would not be re-elected .
The battens covering the joints are of Af stock and are applied after the walls are erected .
Cutting , of course , takes place automatically in the creation of a film .
`` C'mon '' , he whispered ; ;
I would ask , `` Why not do both '' ? ?
)
In fact , he didn't want to teach anywhere .
It will be painted to match the paneling in the room .
`` Oh put it there '' ! !
From the time the chocks were pulled until the plane was out of sight , he knew Donovan would keep his back to the strip .
While his comrades cocked the trap , that one behaved as if it was some dull maneuver .
Proprietorships can establish a unity and integrity of control ; ;
The committee submitted a report signed by Louis Martin and Leon Wiley with a map published in the 1946 town report .
( F )
Consider it as a standby setup , at negligible cost , for those emergencies when the furnace quits , a blizzard holds up fuel delivery , or for cool summer mornings or evenings when you don't want to start up your whole heating plant .
`` What about your pa '' ? ?
A political scientist writes of the growth of `` alienated voters '' , who `` believe that voting is useless because politicians or those who influence politicians are corrupt , selfish and beyond popular control .
Almost immediately she was ashamed of herself for feeling vain , at such a time , in such a place , and she tossed back her long yellow hair , smiling shyly as she entered the room .
By this time Woodruff had accurately measured Pike as a man of great personal pride , a man who would fly into a towering rage if his integrity were questioned , and who would be anxious to avenge himself .
`` There's no war on now '' .
But it seems that pressures against him are coming from somewhere -- in the first place from China , but perhaps also from that `` China Lobby '' which , I was assured in Moscow nearly two years ago , exists on the quiet inside the party .
But in bed he had trouble sleeping .
I drew back , drawing back my foot for a kick .
No betting man , Mr. Goldberg says he's merely `` putting my neck out again '' by predicting the rate will go down this month .
The pace of the talks has slowed with each passing week .
Another dilemma : As picturesque as a sylvan pond in the forest may be , trees offer a leaf and root hazard to the well-being of a pool .
The car was now in sight .
`` They are also honest seekers after truth .
Word of his arrival spread through the crowd like a brushfire .
`` If you find it necessary , Sam , go ahead '' , she said , turning on the stair .
Nor are optimistic and socially-oriented themes at all rare in the distinctive religious history of this country .
Turning , the girl saw Dookiyoon standing between , his narrow shoulders unbent , his arms hanging long and resigned .
There's lots of time left '' .
`` I'm sorry .
He did not ! !
The Fulton County Grand Jury said Friday an investigation of Atlanta's recent primary election produced `` no evidence '' that any irregularities took place .
There are many domains in which understanding has brought about widespread and quite appropriate reduction in ritual and fear .
Can staggered lunch periods relieve the capacity strain on your feeding facilities ? ?
It is good to see those numbers again .
We were less than a quarter of a mile from the road , and we could trace its shape from the ribbon of powder smoke and dust that hung over it .
His reference to ' discredited carcass ' or ' tattered remains ' of the president's leadership is an insult to the man who led our forces to victory in the greatest war in all history , to the man who was twice elected overwhelmingly by the American people as president of the United States , and who has been the symbol to the world of the peace-loving intentions of the free nations .
Is this what our children are to come face to face with when they are ready for college in a few years ? ?
Incidentally , there was an Atlas firing last night .
May the Divine Speaker in Heaven bless this country with Sam Rayburn's continued service here for years to come .
Or maybe a drink '' ? ?
If she moved gracefully , she was clumsy at it .
Such a nice little thing -- lives right in the building '' .
His religiousness is intimately , or dialectically , connected with his sinfulness ; ;
A local church which conceives its function to be entirely that of ministering to the conscious desires and concerns of its members tends to look on everything ecumenical as an extra , not as a normal aspect of its own life as a church .
But you will never get better flowers than the seed you grow .
And why was it causing so much agitation among the Angels , and being followed by so many of them ? ?
What happened to you '' ? ?
In the deep waters of the Pacific these waves reach a speed of 500 miles per hour .
There is no evidence that these Milquetoasts became suddenly emboldened when they crossed the threshhold of the master bedroom .
`` When you marry , you want to have things in common '' , a girl said , `` and it's hard when you don't marry someone with your own background '' .
For example : If your bodily injury claims start payment after the first $250 , a 25% premium saving is often made .
The third Act of Faust 2 , is a formal celebration of the union between the Germanic and the classic , between the spirit of Euripides and that of romantic drama .
This is a $14 million operation involving 3,500 employees who work on commuter traffic exclusively .
Net result is some crazy-wonderful nonsense , part of which can be classed as pure slapstick .
His nose was tickled .
There is no selectivity ; ;
Pass In Review practically guarantees enjoyment , and is a dramatic demonstration of the potentialities of any stereo music system .
They inhabit a secret world centered on `` go codes '' and `` gold phones '' .
Even if men eventually find themselves able to look through walls and around corners , one may question whether this will help them to live better lives .
Undertaken by 32 American scholars , under the chairmanship of Rev. Dr. Luther A. Weigle , former dean of Yale University Divinity School , their studies resulted in the publishing of the Revised Standard Version , 1946-52 .
Its president is Otis M. Waters , partner in the law firm of Timen & Waters , 540-K Chrysler Bldg. , New York City .
The when and how of straightening
We'd keep her a day or two , and the AA people would talk to her .
He was a propagandist -- they weren't afraid of the word , then -- satirist , nature lover , philosopher , scientist , what you will , a member of every party and of no party .
Strange , but she was .
The parent was asked to describe the child's typical behavior in certain standard situations in which there was an opportunity to observe tendencies toward perfectionism in demands upon self and others , irrational conformity to rules , orderliness , punctuality , and need for certainty .
It costs two to three times as much to remove a BTU in summer as it does to add one in winter , so every solitary BTU is worth attention .
`` Now don't shut this door .
In a B reorganization , followed by a section 332 liquidation , those cases which hold that section 203 is inapplicable to transfers in liquidation appear to permit the successor corporation to sue for refund of taxes paid by the transferor .
Every single problem touched on thus far is related to good marketing planning .
Giffen filed a petition for permission to emancipate four slaves ( all more than fifty years old ) with the St. Martin's Parish Police Jury .
First bride like that I've seen in twenty-five years '' .
The education function of the Institute is carried on by the staff in the departments of pathology and its consultants .
They had lunch at a sidewalk cafe overlooking the intersection of two broad , busy , unpicturesque streets , and coming home they got lost in the Metro ; ;
The fault was Rameau's and that of the whole culture of this Parisian age .
Purpose of this inventory is to include all eligible productive facilities in SBA's facilities register so that the small business concerns may have an opportunity to avail themselves of the services authorized by the Congress in establishing the Small Business Administration .
But he was `` afraid of the future -- he would in fact welcome a way back to social integration , a functional art of some kind '' .
Dear heaven , no , thought Mr. Skyros , turning away as another man came in .
It is often stated that the submarine can be destroyed while building , at bases , in transit , and on station .
Still there was no Gonzales and the family would say nothing .
It was to be expected that Stanley would be shy , slow in taking such a momentous step .
Once , they were at Easthampton for the summer ( again , Fritzie said , a good place , even though they were being robbed ) .
My own earliest memories are of exiles : my three brothers and I were taken often to the United States `` to visit relatives '' while my father stayed on to fight the dictator Machado .
God , what a world you people live in '' .
When now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : Af
In the following paper it is shown that in a certain definite sense , exactly an odd number of squares can be inscribed in every such curve which does not contain an infinite number of inscribed squares .
Not only , as we know , did Chou En-lai publicly treat Khrushchev's attack on Albania as `` something that we cannot consider as a serious Marxist-Leninist approach '' to the problem ( i.e. , as something thoroughly dictatorial and `` undemocratic '' ) , but the Albanian leaders went out of their way to be openly abusive to Khrushchev , calling him a liar , a bully , and so on .
Dead , dead as a brass door nail , and I sometimes feel like the Sexton , for I'm about the last to be even interested .
`` They can't do anything .
There was no reference to the incident on the stairs , his powers being absorbed by this more immediate business .
-- emphasizes the Virgin birth
Never concern for his wife's nerves , or the danger that the curled lip and big teeth might mark their own dear baby due in January .
We are trying to study a linear operator T on the finite-dimensional space V , by decomposing T into a direct sum of operators which are in some sense elementary .
This signifies that **yc , the rake angle , is no longer a constant to zero film thickness .
I kept saying , `` If I could just build up a reputation for myself , make some real money , get to be well known as an illustrator -- like Peter Askington , for instance -- then I could take some time off and paint '' .
She sat down and played two slots at once , looking grim , as if bested by mechanical devices , and Owen felt sorry for the lay-sisters depending on her support .
Your cousin Finley saw to that .
Look Jed , this is an open and shut case and I have to relieve my men at the road block soon .
We should stand firmly and courageously for our right to free access into Berlin .
Volume 3 , , in preparation , will treat the anorthic compounds described in Groth's Chemische Krystallographie .
`` I'll shove along home '' .
Despite an ambiguity due to its failure clearly to define `` relative costs '' , the above exposition of fully distributed costing goes about as far as one can go toward expressing the basic philosophy of the practice .
7-4 .
The logical scheme used to accomplish the former influences the placement of information in the dictionary file .
Listen , Mr. Inspector , no matter what anybody say , my Tim didn't kill that woman ! !
-- The powerful New York Yankees won their 19th world series in a 5-game romp over outclassed Cincinnati , crushing the Reds in a humiliating 13-5 barrage Monday in the loosely played finale .
Poor devil he can't have been too happy either .
The rest of Black Bottom was a rabbit warren of homes in every condition of neglect , disrepair and careful upkeep .
Volume 1 , deals with 2991 compounds belonging to the tetragonal , hexagonal and trigonal , and orthorhombic systems ; ;
Liz Peabody , he thought , might spend some time grieving for her lost lover , but he doubted that she would launch an investigation .
The age of the moon was about 2 days .
Suddenly , one day , up it pops ! !
It was done with great taste , was big and spacious , sumptuous as the dreams of any peasant in its courtly costumes , but sumptuous in a muted , pastel-like style , with rich , quiet harmonies of color between the costumes themselves and between the costumes and the scenery .
Schwarzkopf is , of course , Schwarzkopf .
This was Boniface's monumental tactlessness .
The Transit Authority has recently placed in operation `` hold '' lights at BMT Thirty-ninth and Fifty-ninth Street stations in Brooklyn .
From the east to the west coast of the Korean peninsula was a strip of land in which fear-filled men were at that same moment furtively crawling through the night , sitting in sweaty anticipation of any movement or sound , or shouting amidst confused rifle flashes and muzzle blasts .
I shook my head .
No comments by U.S.
`` Hello , Ed '' , said Tilghman .
Individual help best
The sudden solitude had lost its momentary charm and become oppressive .
Out and out and never to return again .
If such a paragon of perfection as Palmer could commit such a scoring sacrilege , there was hope left for all .
And fashion is the real king here .
Adam knew the names of some .
As the play unfolds , however , the audience is subtly brought into the grip of an awful evil which grows with ominously gathering power and soon engulfs the community .
Ten-year-old Richard Stewart had been irritable and quarrelsome for almost a year .
A sailboat may have a bone in her teeth one minute and lie becalmed the next .
Assume , for example , a situation where a farm has a packing shed and fields .
Before Harmony had a chance to reply , Rod cracked his long whip over his thin oxen's backs .
They got tin cups of coffee from the big pot on the coosie's fire , rolled and lighted brown-paper cigarettes , lounged about .
She thought she was bigger than we are because she came from Torino '' .
Skorich received a three-year contract at a salary believed to be between $20,000 and $25,000 a year .
He couldn't see ; ;
I didn't get a good look at him at all , his back was to me , and I was so scared It was just somebody in a man's suit .
1 .
`` Hell , yes '' .
Incidentally , 14th Street and the Expressway is the high accident intersection during daylight hours .
What may be acceptable in one state may be strictly prohibited across the boundary line .
Score bottom edge of cylinder and join to disk with slip .
`` Not in the largest sense of the words '' , I said .
that in the United States more people die of heart disease than of smallpox .
The pilot lagoon was designed to handle the wastes from 314 persons with a 4-day aeration period .
On the other hand , they , or it , seemed to have no legs whatever .
Legislators who last year opposed placing aged-care under the social security system criticized the President's plan .
Statues and other monuments that stood there were stolen , mostly by the waves of Crusaders .
Most of all , his letters to his philosophic colleagues show a magnanimity as well as an honesty which help to explain Whitehead's reference to James as `` that adorable genius '' .
I have requested the Secretary of Defense to reexamine the roles and missions of the reserve components in relation to those of the active forces and in the light of the changing requirements of modern warfare .
Mike do you ever get homesick ? ?
The photograph , Figure 1 of the completed frieze , shows how , having been separated from his fellows in useless isolation for eighty years , he has now been given a hand , and by juxtaposition ( and the permission of the Committee ) , given a new job , to represent the witnesses of the first flight at Kitty Hawk in 1903 .
Nadine's , shrill with anger -- Wally's loud and thick -- As I went to the door I heard the clock strike two .
In extreme cases of very soft knives this value may even change during the course of a measurement .
There must not only be greater good than evil objectively in view , but also greater probability of actually doing more good than harm .
We mentioned odd-lot indices a few paragraphs ago .
`` Why , Winston '' , she'd cry , `` I just now saw you eating it out of the jar '' ! !
The Brevard group of 85 arrived at the Gallery at 6 p.m. , remaining for about 45 minutes .
It is important , however , that the Peace Corps be advanced not as an arm of the Cold War but as a contribution to the world community .
They are home now with the other Kowalski children , Vicky , 14 ; ;
-- The deterrent power of our Armed Forces comes from both their nuclear retaliatory capability and their capability to conduct other essential operations in any form of war .
I heard nothing more .
Diethylstilbestrol .
-- To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 10 to 25 grams per ton of complete feed .
In 1947 and 1948 the necessity of massive coordinated efforts to achieve economic recovery led to the formation of the Organization for European Economic Cooperation to supervise and coordinate the uses of American aid under the Marshall Plan .
only seldom is it so simple as to be a matter of his obviously parroting some timeworn axiom , common to our culture , which he has evidently heard , over and over , from a parent until he experiences it as part of him .
Blue Throat was slumped with his back against the bar , elbows supporting his massive frame .
`` Where did you pick him up '' ? ?
`` I was wrong '' , I admitted .
It was first believed the bomb was rigged to the car's starter .
This problem of the optimum balance in the relative numbers of generalists and specialists can be investigated on a communicative network basis .
A .
And she wrote the libretto for an oratorio on the subject of Judas Maccabeus performed at the Hanukkah festival which came in December .
The firm red spleen weighed 410 gm. , and its surface was mottled by discrete , small patches of white material .
Gains of 2-3/4 were posted for Teleprompter and Republic Foil .
The inner panels do not have to be weatherproof , and the choice will depend on the quality of finish desired .
`` That does it '' ! !
We talk about national character in the same way that Copernicus talked of the compulsions of celestial bodies to move in circles .
In their maneuvers last month , they wore World War 2 , camouflage garb and helmets , and carried unloaded M-1 rifles .
How did we get here '' ? ?
rather his pictures invite the observer to draw on his memory , his imagination , his nostalgia .
Thus the fictional detective is much more than a simple businessman .
It has been billed as a towering monument to immorality .
In order to save the mystery story , they have converted the private detective into an organization man .
We were off the road , gleaming barbed wire pulling taut .
Mrs. Long still feels the same unique spirit of Westminster which she stated the present Juniors will experience today but probably will not appreciate in full for a number of years .
Worse , his present crew included five men who had sailed with him before .
Now Richards , of course , is known as a deep thinker as baseball managers go .
As mentioned , the primary allocation objective to be followed in the allocation of stations on clear channels is the provision of widespread service , free from destructive interference .
The years , if they were years , went by .
Richard was a solitary student in New York and acquired , in his remoteness , a thorough if bookish knowledge of Asian lore , literature , life , politics and history .
He spoke softly .
One of the most salient features of literary value has been deemed to be its influence upon and organization of emotion .
In addition , the size distribution obtained from visual and radar observations of meteors may be extrapolated to the micrometeorite domain .
Sea-road , railroad , lack of water , killed Dogtown .
`` Why '' , he replied , `` it is perfectly simple ; ;
One way that this can be done , other than by hiring new high-priced professors , is by constantly encouraging the department members to raise their standards of performance .
It was from the American outposts that Red River shortages of livestock were to be made good .
Ekstrohm demanded .
There is nothing infra dig about a good blend from a good shipper .
While I was sitting at one of the rewrite telephones with my derby and my great beard , Arthur Brisbane whizzed in with some editorial copy in his hand .
It is still used in drugs and cosmetics , but it is rather scarce and sometimes is adulterated with oils from peach and plum seeds .
They even accept the `` double standard '' of sex morality in a double sense , i.e. , both sexes agree that standards for men differ from standards for women , and women apply to both sexes a standard different from that held by men .
The result is that the State Department's perpetual position before Congress is the resigned pose of the whipping boy who expects to be kicked whenever the master has had a dyspeptic outing with his wife .
The myth of the Southern plantation has had only a tangential relation with actuality , as Francis Pendleton Gaines showed forty years ago , and I suspect it has had a far narrower acceptance as something real than has generally been supposed .
a smile .
I looked with revulsion at the legs .
She said , `` Oh Eugenia , I wish ''
Local authorities credited the men with saving the girl's life .
At Milcote on November 3 , 1597 , the aldermen asked him to support their petition for a new charter .
He was about to hang up the phone , but a note of hesitancy in the secretary's voice left the conversation open .
This arrangement had the purpose to prevent heated gas to reach the thermocouple by natural convection .
It was a thrill he felt no part in .
( I sometimes feel that God , in His infinite wisdom , wants us to have these inexplicable little lapses of memory .
Is forgiveness of past sins , assurance of present help , and hope of future bliss in your orbit ? ?
of which one is deliberately willed or intended and the other not intended or not directly intended , but still both are done , while the evil effect is , with equal consciousness on the part of the agent , foreknown to be among the consequences .
`` No ! !
The fine old mansions of U.S. Grant's old home town of Galena , Ill. are open for inspection ( Sept. 23 , 24 ) .
Electrostatic systems of the pseudo-symmetric type have been tested for resolution capabilities by applying electronography .
Many of the music-loving members of the President's staff gathered around the tent listening and watching the rapt attention given by the young seated audience .
Whatever projection one makes , the striking fact about congregational and parochial life is the extent to which it is a vehicle of the social identity of middle-class people .
Fifth , we have just completed a year's experience with our new space law .
`` We want to find out who knew about it '' , Pratt said .
You told me to bring my camera .
So far as I know , the Comedie has never put Moliere's people in the costumes of the 20th century , but they do reinterpret plays and characters .
he crept in an incertain manner , patting the ground before him .
Conversely , if statistics were uncovered which contradicted a cherished theory , the sources were denounced as faulty .
`` I'm an advertising hustler , I admit , but I have to get hot once in a larger sphere .
I am firmly convinced that considering the average quality of teachers in this country , the profession is grossly overpaid .
5 .
Once settled , we're careful to walk the dogs in an out of the way spot , keep them under control in the room , and feed and bench them where they can't do any harm to the furnishings or the furniture .
To those raised on Marcel's Homo Viator and Heidegger's das Nichtige , this may seem a modest role for philosophy .
I was stumbling in my undershirt trying to find my way around her damn kitchenette when I smelt that sickish sweet hairtonic smell .
-- Inspiring and challenging worship experiences
We have evaluated the `` matching integrals '' for two types of photocathodes ( S-11 and S-20 ) and three types of light input .
Winston folded the tissue paper carefully .
A sheep-lined leather flying suit , plus helmet , goggles and mittens completed his attire for the rigors of the open cockpit .
It's perfectly normal for babies to suck their thumbs , and no mother need worry if a child continues this habit until he is two or three years old .
He remembered exactly when he had lived through it before , and he had something to prove he had .
Two men pulled him off .
The basic difficulty , I suppose , was in my ultimate inability to feel a burden of sin from which I sought relief .
But DiMaggio never said a word .
)
By monitoring , we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers .
She had surprised Hans like she had surprised me when she said she'd go , and then she surprised him again when she came back so quick like she must have , because when I came in with the snow she was there with a bottle with three white feathers on its label and Hans was holding it angrily by the throat .
That mother hen of the weight-height tables , the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. , clucks that 48 million Americans are overweight .
What is the probable attitude of other governments , including those less directly involved ? ?
There was no reply so he shoved it open with his foot and stepped inside .
Moreover , her central figures are so busily fulfilling their multitudinous assignments that none emerges as an arresting individual in his own right or as a provocative symbol of mankind's ills .
This , you will remember , was still New Year's Day .
If the Orioles are to break their losing streak within the next two days , it will have to be at the expense of the American League champion New York Yankees , who come in here tomorrow for a night game and a single test Sunday afternoon .
Escalation is their first love and their last ; ;
Below the moon-splashed world rolled away to insurmountable white peaks ; ;
In Plato's judgment , the arts play a meaningful role in society only in the education of the young , prior to the full development of their intellectual powers .
It commanded a view over Manhattan and the harbor .
They were damp .
He finished his champagne and climbed uncertainly to the next landing .
Would Papa really die ? ?
As soon as he could think logically again he reached for the telephone directory and found Jerry Burton's home number .
Mrs. Monte Tyson , chairman , says the work of 100 artists well known in the Delaware Valley area will be included in the exhibition and sale .
Above a dark green skirt she wore a pale green cashmere sweater with , as he soon perceived , no brassiere beneath .
If he had married her , he'd have been asking for trouble .
With this ultimate weapon , the two Yankees may have saved baseball from its dullest season .
This ion inhibits thyroid hormone synthesis by interfering with iodide concentration in the thyroid .
I told you there's nothing between Midge and me , nothing .
How and why this process occurs would provide an interesting separate subject for study .
The mucosa of the stomach was atrophic and irregularly blackened over a 14 cm. area .
I mean ''
Our understanding of the solar system has taught us to replace our former elaborate rituals with the appropriate action which , in this case , amounts to doing nothing .
His colors are dark and murky , and his landscapes and cityscapes seem swallowed in gloom .
This problem is illustrated by the fact that many local churches drop from the active membership rolls each year as many as they receive into the fellowship .
These may be consulted in the office of the Architect of the Capitol , or the Library of Congress .
They put Kate to bed and wired Jonathan and sent for the young Presbyterian minister .
`` But Fogg '' , they countered , `` we can't get over there .
`` Who says it's going to be published '' ? ?
He knew Alfred liked me ; ;
What is missing is work that would answer , presumably by the use of survey methods and Guttman-type attitude scales , such questions as these : What are the components of the feeling-state described as alienation ? ?
But he left the doors to his office open so he could hear the music .
Coffee breaks can be a real headache if not regulated .
By preying on the sick , by playing callously on the hopes of the desperate , by causing the sufferer to delay proper medical care , these medical ghouls create pain and misery by their very activity .
Sometimes , you have a choice of exposure for sites where the topography or trees of the area will provide afternoon shade , morning sun , or whatever may be most desirable for the use intended .
He would spring bolt upright suddenly after sitting quietly with inaction , because something had boiled over in his fermenting juices .
Katie cannot mind your seeing them now ; ;
The Boulevard De La Madeleine , the Boulevard Malesherbes , and the Rue Royale ran to it with graceful flattery , bearing tidings of the Age of Reason .
A cinder or other small object could be removed from the eye by placing a flaxseed in the eye .
The gunman nodded , slipping the picture into his breast pocket , saying nothing .
Moritz is listed on the Longhorn roster as a right halfback , the position at which he lettered on the 1956 team .
Stigmata quite sufficient for diagnosis are nevertheless there .
`` Then again he might not '' .
A third volume remains to be published .
Had More's writings been wholly limited to such exercises , they would be almost as dimly remembered as those of a dozen or so other authors living in his time , whose works tenuously survive in the minds of the few hundred scholars who each decade in pursuit of their very specialized occasions read those works .
Nothing could make it necessary to proclaim it to the whole world '' .
Tessie , everybody thought , was a strong woman , but she was only strong because she had Alfred to lean on .
Suddenly , a messenger arrives and , just before collapsing dead at his feet , informs him that the Saracens have invaded Silesia , the home province of his affianced .
`` Time for books '' , she yelled , jingling a little five-and-dime store bell in her right hand .
`` That was before I studied law .
`` Well , there's time , in any case .
We sold only four pickers all last year '' .
We shook hands on it .
He dropped his earlier and delightful hamming , which is about the only way to handle the old war horse called `` Charley's Aunt '' , and let himself go with as appealing an `` Amy '' as anybody could ask .
The Bureau contributed to the planning and success of the Symposium through the efforts of Mr. W. A. Wildhack , General Chairman , and Dr. C. M. Herzfeld , Program Chairman .
Although the United States and the U.S.S.R. have been arguing whether there shall be four , five or six top assistants , the most important element in the situation is not the number of deputies but the manner in which these deputies are to do their work .
if not yet , then soon , very soon .
The jury said it found the court `` has incorporated into its operating procedures the recommendations '' of two previous grand juries , the Atlanta Bar Association and an interim citizens committee .
Hub picked up the telephone .
Would you like to see my work '' ? ?
let them learn to `` swing '' freely , to let go , to become authentically themselves , and then perhaps civilization will be saved .
It had been a mistake , but anything would have been a mistake , as it turned out .
This iodoprotein does not appear to be the same as what is normally present in the thyroid , and there is no evidence so far that thyroglobulin can be iodinated in vitro by cell-free systems .
Although biopsies have shown structural changes in some of the reported cases of steroid-induced weakness , this case provides the only example known to us in which necropsy afforded the opportunity for extensive study of multiple muscle groups .
The pastor writes a personal letter to each individual , expressing his joy over the decision , assuring him of a pastoral call at the earliest convenient time , and outlining the plan for membership preparation classes and Membership Sunday .
The other patrons were taxi drivers and art students and small shopkeepers .
Whatever his original assignment , the fictional private eye ends up by investigating and solving a crime , usually a murder .
They had protested that that wasn't any surprise .
An alphabetical list of chemical and mineralogical names with reference numbers enables one to find a particular crystal description .
but his companion crossed the river walking on the water and beckoned to Hwang Pah to follow him .
These oils develop hard , smooth films when they dry and form resinlike substances .
For years he wore hand-me-down suits and homemade paper collars , was even driven to scrounging for cigarette butts in Vienna's gutters .
You may want to include your own regular vacation period if you have one .
`` Three-day blow '' ! !
( D )
He climbed , as quickly as he could urge his body , up the two unbroken flights to the third floor , pulling himself along on a delicate balustrade , all that remained of the building's beauty .
The fat man has trouble buying life insurance or has to pay higher premiums .
And those of Early Spring , haunted and now full of hurt and envy .
He complained to me once that I must talk to her .
But then he had said , `` All right , kid , if that's how you want it , that's how it'll be '' .
Completing the division first also includes those division parts that require multiplication , subtraction , or addition steps : Af .
Then the faint beginnings of fear stirred in his mind .
But there is no positive and consistently demonstrable relationship in the strictest sense .
He had crashed on takeoff once before .
)
One wonders about its applicability to people .
How about a rock collection , or a collection of leaves from different trees or shrubs and in different colors ? ?
Alexander walked away .
He sat down on the bed .
The Court adopted this procedure with an appropriate time schedule for carrying it out .
`` I don't know '' .
Theoretical discussion of flux gain
Space was provided for short-time guest medical exhibits , and the Museum collected new accessions of microscopes , medical , surgical , and diagnostic instruments , uniform , and similar items of historical medico-military significance .
Walking back down Main Street , I said , `` I saw the Harbor's one squad car at the road block , we'll ride out in my car '' .
Therefore , it is plain that the clear distinctions of the nineteenth century are no longer with us .
Too often it is thought of at the last moment of new product introduction .
I didn't see her till several days later at the wedding , and her face looked like it had never had a blemish on it .
Goethe used the fable to more elaborate ends .
You'll bust your ass in this canyon .
Simple hole drilling operations
I cannot imagine a single scene that isn't done in a far naughtier manner on TV every week .
One growth center in a short bone -- distal phalanx of the second finger -- was chosen as an example for discussion here , primarily because epiphyseal-diaphyseal fusion , the maturity indicator for Completion in long and short bones , occurs in this center for girls near the menarche and for boys near their comparable pubescent stage .
Hustle '' ! !
Her face showed no sign of having heard Pompeii .
He could not recognize it ; ;
In this connection , Swift , too , is drawn in for attack : `` The Author of The Conduct Of The Allies has dared to drop Insinuations about altering the Succession '' .
A good negociant or shipper will not only be the man or the firm which has cornered the wines from the best vineyards , or the best parts of them ; ;
In life we learn to play our roles and we `` freeze '' into patterns which become so habitual that we are not really aware of what we do .
KARL provides experience for students who wish to pursue careers in radio .
But the rest of it , the main part , wasn't based on logic at all .
Mae wouldn't have plotted a thing like that .
Determine the particular State's `` allotment percentage '' .
but the years that immediately followed were to be extraordinarily trying , both for Wright and his Montenegrin lady .
He squatted by the head , gently placing the rifle on the ground .
They stand for 6 inches of mineral wool insulation in the ceiling , 4 inches in the side walls , 2 inches in the floors .
it's to be a good person '' .
His tough honesty condemns him to a solitary and difficult existence .
But let us return , after this gruesome interlude , to our willow catkins in the spring ; ;
He walked over to the right-hand door , opened it and got the reloaded automatic out of the glove compartment and put it in his hip pocket .
It serves only its own stockholders and poorly at that .
Nearly 18 per cent of West Berlin's 2,200,000 residents are sixty-five or older , only 12.8 per cent are under fifteen .
the hostess in her took over .
It was predicted that those who shifted in their Kohnstamm reactivity would differ significantly from those who did not on the factor I which the investigators refer to as the `` Inferiority '' factor .
Purification of the conjugates
But it is also the climax to one of the absorbing chapters in our current political history .
That tumultuous , painful and costly experience shows clearly that a law expressing a moral judgment cannot be enforced when it has little correspondence with the general view of society .
Nadine strode over to him , and her pointed nails raked across his face .
In the caves , with other supplies , they had kept cases of sake .
There were no tracks of either hoofs or boots .
Tomorrow Mardi Gras opens officially .
After he had gone , Kate asked Uncle Randolph proudly , `` Would you take their oath '' ? ?
Why , for example , should the ancients have supposed the diurnal rotation of the heavens to be elliptical ? ?
I said sure that was what I wanted her to do but she paid no attention .
( D )
Within themselves , just as people , my friends were often tortured and unappeasably bitter about being the offspring of this unhappily unique-ingrown-screwedup breed ; ;
Just as I was about to enlarge upon my discovery of the underside of the leaf of love , memory , displeased at being asked to yield its unsavory secrets , dashed ahead of me , calling back over its shoulder : `` Skip it .
But no art at all was born of the art effort in the early movies .
'' Kenyon , Sewanee , and Hudson operated in an `` Anglo-Protestant New Critical chill '' ; ;
The advantages of dilatation by the physician are both physical and psychological .
Just plain old black dirt was also used as a pack to relieve wasp or bee stings .
That ain't too bad 'ceptin' the light company's so busy you can't ever get 'em to do nothin' '' .
Bridget's testimony was in direct contradiction .
Labor restrains undue brutality toward the Labor Department ; ;
These results appear sound .
A half-hour passed ; ;
The area most prominently commented on during the McClellan hearings had to do with `` sweetheart contracts '' .
All those things combined to make the Morton Foods stock the hot issue that it was and is .
Pansies are gluttons .
In fiscal year 1959 , the Medical Museum was moved to Chase Hall , a temporary building on Independence Avenue at Ninth Street , Southwest , and continued to display to the public the achievements of the Armed Forces Medical Services .
As one development followed another , the company's reputation for precision in the graduating field brought it broader and broader opportunities for expansion in precision manufacture .
Use of nomenclature , symbols , units , physical constants :
`` Really something '' , he said , aloud .
Over-chilling is an accepted method for covering up the faults of many a cheap or poor white wine , especially a dry wine -- and certainly less of a crime than serving a wine at a temperature which reveals it as unattractive .
`` That was a terrible thing to do '' , I said to Oso .
and this is the victory that overcomes the world , our faith .
To keep themselves entrenched in power , the priests were forced to demonstrate their unique status through the miracle .
Pueri aquam de silvas ad agricolas portant , a delightful vignette set in the unforgettable epoch of pre-Punic War Rome .
Skorich , who is 39 years old , played football at Cincinnati University and then had a three-year professional career as a lineman under Jock Sutherland with the Pittsburgh Steelers .
They walked from midnight to noon , noon to midnight , and came to the beast sprawled on its side .
His rock was to the right of a V-shaped inlet , a big , brown , lumpy rock trailing seaweed whiskers .
( Metal data will not be included in the second edition , since these have been collected independently by W. B. Pearson , National Research Council , Ottawa , and published as A handbook of lattice spacings and structures of metals and alloys by Pergamon Press .
The paradox implicit in the whole affair is shown by the demand of the government , after the conviction , that General Electric sign a wide-open consent decree that it would not reduce prices so low as to compete seriously with its fellows .
`` If you hadn't I'd have killed you '' .
And the common man was developing mythic power , or charisma , on his own .
`` All right '' , he said .
The gruesome humor of the Nazis was not forgotten -- the gas chamber with a sign on it with the name of a Jewish foundation and bearing a copper Star of David -- nor the gratuitous sadism of SS officers .
For its part the Hudson's Bay Company was troubled by the approach of American settlement .
The gallant half-city is dying on its feet '' .
He is going to let History take the blame for a while '' .
You've probably given a lot of Christmas-season thought to the guns in your rack , but it's not easy to decide on a new one .
There is a pause in the merriment as your friends gaze at you , wondering why you are staring , open-mouthed in amazement .
She admired him .
We have attempted to simplify the extensive task of analyzing onset ages and completion ages of each child -- more than 1700 values for the entire group -- by constructing figures for each of the 21 centers so that the data for all 34 boys and 34 of the girls will appear together for each growth center .
I was lucky they let me go , I guess '' .
One less shouldn't matter to him '' .
Anyone fortunate enough to have one of those early phones advertised the fact along with the telephone number in the Manchester Journal .
`` Today I go see the horses '' .
They arise in situations in which one believes that what happens depends not only on the external world , but also on the precise pattern of behavior of the individual or group .
Thus , if what is at issue is whether `` All S is P '' , it is indifferent whether `` Some S is not P '' or `` No S is P '' , since in either case the judgment in question is false .
Another question that arose was the nature of the dialogue itself .
`` And what makes you think you're going to get it , pretty boy '' ? ?
Our entire economy will have a terrific uplift .
Something had to be done .
4 .
We simply find ourselves in the position of having no means for inquiring into the structure and meaning of this range of our experience .
But then , after the little operetta had been given its feeble amateur rendering , everyone insisted that it was too good to be lost forever , and that the Royal Academy of Music must now have the manuscript in order to give it the really first-rate performance it merited .
He thought of her , the first one .
`` Some can be lonely in a crowd '' , Nogol said elaborately .
Neither Mantle nor Maris , understandably , will predict 60 home runs for himself .
Jet -- which I coupled with the Deerstalker carbine as one of the year's two biggest developments -- few significant innovations appeared among 1961's handguns .
As the lights came up , Andy could see that a number of patrons were already on their way toward the exit .
`` I don't know Mrs. Stowe .
For all practical purposes , the West stands disunited , undedicated , and unprepared for the tasks of world leadership .
It is this subject matter that has brought Mason a large and enthusiastic following among sportsmen , but it is his exceptional performance with this motif that commends him to artists and discerning collectors .
( C )
The family was Protestant , but for me it was only irksome and I let it go .
For here if anywhere in contemporary literature is a major effort to counterbalance Existentialism and restore some of its former lustre to the tarnished image of the species Man , or , as Malraux himself puts it , `` to make men conscious of the grandeur they ignore in themselves '' .
`` Hot dogs , man .
The great black leopards .
`` My father is a sergeant of detectives and has been attached to Homicide for five years .
Lacking guidance , industry picks its own areas .
`` A remarkable substance '' , says Dr. Keys , `` quite apart from its tendency to be deposited in the walls of arteries '' .
Now , in that same cabin , Robinson fell to his knees beside a bunk .
Nor were there any rules to save him .
His elation grew as Barco's seven disclosures brought to light one reward after another .
Shortage of sales management talent .
He had assumed that all these buildings had been divided into apartments , but this one , from a glance at the hall furnishings , was obviously still a functioning town house , and its owners were in residence ; ;
Pitch it out .
they found out who they were and what they could do , then within the limits of their talent they did it .
As for coming back here -- well , I'll tell you the truth , I didn't even know where I was when I came to .
Ambassador Stevenson yesterday described the U.N.'s problem of electing a temporary successor to the late Dag Hammarskjold as `` the gravest crisis the institution has faced '' .
The Health Amendment Act of 1956 added $5 million for practical nurse training .
Both of them had known the feeling of the small life in her waiting , ready , for the two of them to run up her sails .
Over a temperature range from 25 to 200 Af and at pressures up to 250 atm , an overload of 300 psi , applied for a period of one day , results in an uncertainty in the pressure of , at most , one millimeter of mercury .
When we repeat the remark that such suffering was a bad thing , the feeling with which we made it last week may be at or near the vanishing point , but if we were asked whether we meant to say what we did before , we should certainly answer Yes .
The Structural Clay Products Institute , Washington , D.C. , is working to develop brick and clay products suitable for shelter construction .
The normal rate of suicides in East Berlin was one a day , but since the border was closed on August 13 it has jumped to 25 a day ! !
New ideas for improving nutrition came with the study of soil treatment .
The result was that the plaintiff's case was dismissed .
Mr. A has recovered , but he is , justifiably , a bitter man .
This transformation is uniquely determined by Af and we therefore speak of the process as deterministic .
Hence the totality of singular lines is the T order complex of lines which meet Aj .
everything was glamorous to my dazzled eyes .
Generally , these locks on turnouts are called `` facing point locks '' .
`` The reason you are in the ring today is to show your ability to present to any judge the most attractive picture of your dog that the skillful use of your aids can produce .
The plan does not cover doctor bills .
But these kids weren't like him .
There were some sweet machines other than women : an old Bugatti , a lean Farina coachwork on an American chassis , a Swallow , a type A40-AjK Mercedes and lots more .
Brian Thayer had a downtown address .
Use wooden design head of mold for pattern C ; ;
Returning to the school crossing , the officer was informed by the Sisk boy that he recognized the driver , a neighbor , and had obtained the license number .
Keith was an eagle .
Although the teacher must be concerned with maintaining standards , he must also be concerned about understanding differences in ability , background , and experience .
The man was D.W. Griffith .
Mr. Justice Clark delivered the opinion of the Court .
This gives Af , which is the pressure .
`` No '' , Wilson said .
Nowhere did the speaker recognize the serious purpose of the Corps or its welcome reception abroad .
Robinson told Policemen James Jones and Morgan Lloyd of the Wabash Avenue district that 10 youths boarded his south bound express bus in front of Dunbar Vocational High School , 30th Street and South Park Way , and began `` skylarking '' .
Vermont's main railroad line was prostrate .
There is never enough corn , peas or strawberries .
-- The Christian Faith ; ;
`` How's your sunburn now ? ?
Man , when my 275 pounds and six-four comes along , why it's the same as another badge .
Upon receipt of an application which the Export-Import Bank is prepared to consider , the Export-Import Bank will inform the Department of Economic Affairs of the identity of the applicant , the nature of the proposed business , the amount of the proposed loan , and the general purposes for which the loan proceeds would be expended .
The children can have their daytime naps and hot meals , and be put to bed on schedule in shade-darkened rooms .
`` What are you going to do with your feet so you don't waste anything '' ? ?
Let none but Him who rules the thunder
`` The trouble with you '' , old man Arthur began , and then checked himself .
The actual power requirements indicated 2 lb. oxygen transfer / hr. / hp. .
Crime : ' skyjacked '
Now maybe they'd realize that life can be tough .
1 .
Most of the letters were written in the hubbub of camp , on stumps , pieces of bark , drum heads , or the knee .
He had been carrying an Enfield rifle and a holstered navy cap-and-ball pistol .
Have you audited your program recently to weed out those phases that draw least participation ? ?
Thus he will be in a position to disabuse the Soviet leader of any notions he may have about grave Allied disunity .
Mays and Mantle , both 10-year men at 30 , have so much ability that , baseball men agree , they've never hit the heights .
`` I don't think you've been quite honest , Cady .
It comes and goes .
After I looked in at Francie , I went into the living room and waited .
I had advised friends to write me to `` No Man's Land , Pont Kehl , Between Strasbourg and Kehl , France-Germany '' .
Bar `` C '' is 2-3/4'' '' long .
Commercial interest is chiefly in this type of treatment , as is military interest under peacetime conditions .
He liked children , in a loathsome kind of way ; ;
It was obviously the sound of this argument that caused Lizzie to close her door .
The U.S. Forest Service cares for hundreds of thousands of campers in its 149 National Forests and is increasing its facilities steadily .
As these maladies overlap , so must the cure .
Mike Deegan pounded the rubber plate with the end of his bat .
Mrs. H. J. Grinsfelder is chairman .
For example , property `` used in the trade or business '' of a transferor corporation , as defined in section 1231 , presumably would not retain its special status following a non-taxable reorganization if it is not so used in the business of the acquiring corporation .
Then followed a period in which he wrote reviews for The New York Times Book Review , The Commonweal , Commentary , had a small piece in Partisan Review , and moved on to Hudson , The Village Voice , and Exodus .
The Industrial Division published , in 1960 , a new , attractive industrial brochure , `` Rhode Island -- Right For Industry '' , and prepared copy for a new edition of the Directory Of Manufacturers ( to be printed shortly ) , and for a new space catalogue .
And they have done this on a very large scale , with a veritable flood of novels and stories which are either dystopias or narratives of adventure with dystopian elements .
But the citizens would , of course , never be sure that the decisions that resulted were as correct as they were expeditious .
Pamela felt calm and peaceful as she walked along .
La Russell's run in `` Skylark '' , debuting next week at Drury Lane , already is a sellout .
`` It's because we are in France '' , he said , `` and know so few people .
He found himself trying to remember something , but he couldn't decide even the nature of what it was he worked to recall .
Full payment of nursing home bills for up to 180 days following discharge from a hospital .
We are above being jealous .
Down the boulevard he could see a portion of the ghetto wall .
The second argument applies the method in the reverse way .
As cells coalesced into organisms , they built new `` unnatural '' and internally controlled environments to cope even more successfully with the entropy-increasing properties of the external world .
Its growth continues steadily on a par with past growth ; ;
In this hour of crisis , the wisdom , the dedication , the stabilizing force that he represents in current American government is an almost indispensable source of strength .
For Larkin is already wonderfully contented with his lot .
Three of these men discussed major theories of the universe while the other acted as a moderator .
The Revenue Service disallowed the claim , invoking a law provision that generally bars deductions for expenses incurred in connection with what it said was tax-exempt income .
How did they miss him when they got Slater ? ?
As if divining my thoughts , the girl Songau smiled warmly and said in the casual tone an American woman might use in describing her rose garden :
For the albumin method , equal volumes of 30% bovine albumin , sample and 2% cells suspended in saline were allowed to stand at room temperature for 1 hr and then were centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 Aj .
Pennsylvania thus blanketed would contain about a quintillion peas .
Indeed , if pressed , we would say what the late Robert Henri , American painter , said to a pupil , `` Anything will do for a subject : it's what you do with it that counts '' .
Battery life limited the use of this `` pill '' to about 8 to 30 hours maximum .
`` We're here because of what happened last night '' , he said .
This makes today's aircraft a one-shot , or one mission , weapon .
But the boy could see only the goat's belly .
`` Anything wrong with the plumbing in 1105 '' ? ?
Something in my voice must have touched her deeply because her anger passed quickly , and she turned away to keep me from seeing her face .
If the Z gyro is drifting , a current generated by the autocollimator is delivered to the gyro torquer to cancel the drift .
Merritt D. Hill , Ford Motor Co. vice president , says his company is starting to get calls daily from dealers demanding immediate delivery or wanting earlier shipping dates on orders for corn pickers .
Two of the new hands , a Mexican named Jose Amado and a kid known only as Laredo , were picked for the first trick of riding night herd .
In other instances where there is no automatic block signaling , the distant has only green and yellow aspects .
It speared up into the air , then sinking back , the up-jutting branch turned slowly .
Though the accused raised many other objections , he did not object on this crucial point at any stage of the proceedings .
( Anyone active enough can reach a roof , wherever his room may be .
but Charlie knew what was wrong with him and knew , too , that there was no pill to cure it .
Motorists like myself who can remember the old `` tourists accommodated '' signs on farm houses and village homes before World War 2 , can only marvel at the great size and the luxury of the relatively new and fast-grossing motel business .
`` We regard it as fair only when each party feels that what he has received is as valuable , or more valuable , than what he has given '' .
He has been in prison since May , 1958 , when his aircraft was shot down over Moluccas .
and so they were consistently true to their principles .
Experimental
'' , and `` Too Marvelous For Words '' ( all with Richard Whiting ) ; ;
`` That's one thing I've never done '' , she said promptly .
The editor of the Daily Journal warned , `` that if such a demonstration be made , it will not find support or countenance from any of the men whose names are recognized as having a right to speak for Providence '' .
Behind it a cabin cruiser drifted crossways in the small ground-swell , a lone fisherman in the chair aft .
For instance , in giving school grades or in making recommendations for the award of a college scholarship , does he consciously or unconsciously favor students of one or another social class ? ?
In 1914 when the town was chosen for the U. S. Amateur Golf tournament , a representative hurried here from the Boston manager's office .
The Providence Daily Post's editor wrote that he could not believe that a meeting honoring Brown was to be held in Providence .
His legs shook , and the shaking went right on up his body through his hips to his shoulders .
She locked the ignition , removed the keys , stepped out of the car and went into the house .
Not included was the value of seed oil in paints and varnishes or the value of the coffee and chocolate industries that are based on imported seed or seed products .
The sheriff was occupied with maneuvering the car around in a very narrow space .
A wreath will be placed at the tomb of George Washington , one of this Nation's first Masons -- a past master of Washington-Alexandria Lodge 22 in Alexandria .
It is for growing closer .
And yet amid all the gay hedonism in Pilgrimage And Wander-Years is a cycle of short poems , `` Thoughts In Loneliness '' , filled with brooding , melancholy , and sombre longing '' .
He was a director of S. & M. and must have been in on the decision .
The second test mailing ( to 100 companies ) was made in July , 1960 .
I had always , I said , hankered after working hard with my hands .
Come home or I'll come find you '' .
Crystal Structures
`` Of the humans we left at the equator , one has discorporated and the others are sad '' .
Quickening his steps , John entered the vast church and climbed the tower steps to the bells .
But it is in the matter of preoccupation with death , which is the primary concern of the book , that Remarque's failure is plainest .
But once I was alone again , driving to the hospital , the heaviness returned .
`` Oh no .
The work's two movements , one melodically sentimental , the other brightly capricious , are clever enough in a Ravel-like style , but they rehash a wornout idiom .
The submucosa was focally infiltrated with neutrophils .
This , of course , results from the non-systematic , ' cellular ' character of Ptolemaic theory .
Some of the oldest , most persistent , and most cohesive forms of social groupings have grown out of religion .
The conclusion shall be reached that fiber-coupled , double-stage tubes represent a sensible and practical approach to high-gain image intensification .
Nobody had addressed her in broken English at any of those places , nobody had suggested that she wasn't American .
My God , how much more do you want '' ? ?
From Baton Rouge .
She daubed at her swimming eyes with a lacy handkerchief and said with obvious emotion : `` That poor boy ! !
Her days as an art student at the University of Budapest came to a sudden end during the Hungarian uprisings in 1957 and she and her husband Stephen fled to Vienna .
Just as they reached the shore , the first huge wave crashed upon them .
This problem of fair and equitable assessment of value is a difficult one to solve in that the determination of fair valuation is dependent on local assessors , who in general are non-professional and part-time personnel taking an individualistic approach to the problem .
Vineyards and orchards also grew around Wright's , and deer were rather a nuisance ; ;
Screwed , stewed , and tattooed , as Krim might say after reading a book about sailors .
`` Evadna Mae Evans got all her baby clothes from Best's Liliputian Bazaar in New York , and I'm sick and tired of hearing about Evadna Mae Evans '' .
It certainly isn't mine .
Your mother would always retrieve him when he wandered off , and she would send him home to his son .
No one had .
This immature use of crayons may suggest that she is a little immature for the first grade .
One of the most beautiful buildings in Istanbul , it was constructed in the early years of the Seventeenth Century , with a huge central dome , two half domes that seem to cascade down from it , and smaller full domes around the gallery .
It is probably more effective than the expanded scholarship programs of the past decade , because the scholarship programs mainly aided the students with the best academic records ( who were usually middle-class ) , and these students tended to use the scholarship funds to go to more expensive colleges .
automatic rifle , according to Capt. Elmer Hagner , chief of Anne Arundel detectives .
Members are on their way to Saledo , not by stage coach , but in air-conditioned cars .
On the second floor he saw the animated faces of the party guests ; ;
We live in the bright daylight of that great event ; ;
This prevents the occurrence of an infinite sequence of isolated tangent points .
At least he could buy the equipment for his workshop .
`` Damned if I will .
I am not suggesting that Fromm ought to do this kind of work .
There the truth is , open to eyes that are willing to look .
Is this for real ? ?
By 1952 he was convinced he would no longer spray .
They never called him by name , although he had one .
Miss Glenda Kay Meredith of Denton was her sister's maid of honor , and Vernon Lewelleyn of San Angelo was best man .
It was Plummer , in fact , who coined the much quoted remark : `` Mr. Green indeed writes as if he had been present at the landing of the Saxons and had watched every step of their subsequent progress '' .
They were all three bent over a shabby riding boot ; ;
Even the regular Democrats disowned him .
Although refrigeration has served to extend the storage life of these products , substantially increased consumption might be possible if areas remote from the seacoast could be served adequately .
It is not clear , however , whether they are thinking of all movable property or only of boats , trailers , aircraft or certain other types of personal property whose assessment would be advantageous to their particular towns .
`` Coroner '' , he said to Madden .
Volume 1 , containing Parts 1 and 2 was published in 1951 ; ;
`` They are the best '' .
Proof ? ?
Seated near it with his back to the door was the rancher , Ed Dunn .
This was a bull of a man .
establish and operate necessary facilities and test sites at which to carry on the continuous research , testing , development , and programing necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Act ; ;
And one of the best services available to the people who try to raise and can meat , to plant , grow vegetables and put them up .
`` But of course , with pleasure '' , he replied .
In order to attain the goal of group solidarity and to relieve tension , the high fertility rate provides more group members for mate selection , and the clustering of members in groups fosters acceptance of group controls .
After fifteen minutes of traffic driving he turned to the left .
`` I never asked you for any favors , Joe '' , she went on , `` but I'm asking one now .
It happened at the St. Patrick's Day party , a big affair for a regiment which had gone into battle for over three-quarters of a century to the strains of an Irish march .
I never got there .
Each generator , **yl , of Af is also exceptional , for each is transformed into the entire congruence of secants of the curve into which that generator is transformed by the point involution on Q .
What appears here is shorter than what he actually said but very close to his own words .
We have 2,500 such projects , and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools .
`` Why '' , said the teacher , `` art thou so late '' ? ?
They lived in the same house and it didn't seem to be such a hard thing to do , but the sad realities of Lilly's life and the fact that Meltzer didn't love her never satisfied my wishful thinking .
It may be noted , parenthetically , that to evade `` desegregation '' an ex-Justice and former southern governor has urged Congress to abolish this reviewing authority .
The last time I saw Dylan , his self-destruction had not just passed the limits of rationality .
Pip's great expectations , his progress through illusion and disillusionment , turn , somewhat as they do for the naive hero of Dreiser's American Tragedy , upon the lure of genteel prosperity through unearned income -- what Wemmick calls `` portable property '' and what Jaggers reproaches Pip for letting `` slip through ( his ) fingers '' .
`` Pretty quick '' , she replied .
He crouched there .
Division three will be headed by the Marines followed by 12 states ; ;
He walked toward the center of the city to keep his rendezvous with Styka .
She said , `` I guess the Lord looks out for fools , drunkards , and innocents '' .
Yes , sure , I'll see the doctor -- this evening , if you insist .
This operation would permit evaluation of the pilot plant , with a slowly increasing load , over a reasonable period of time .
Shearing takes over
they still benefit far less than the `` other '' 50 per cent of the nation from that `` welfare state '' which the Soviet Union so greatly prides itself on being .
From an estimated mass of 25 g for a zero-magnitude meteorite , the other masses are derived with the assumption of a mass decrease by a factor of 2.512 for each unit increase in magnitude .
Poetry for a Persian is nothing less than truth and beauty .
Upper teeth completely covering the lowers when the back teeth close .
It is not surprising that the international obligations of states were also viewed in terms of contract .
`` You mean once Myra gets to Paris '' ? ?
He recalled that in California after a critic had attacked him for `` still trying to sell Bruckner to the Americans '' , the public's response at the next concert was a standing ovation .
While the `` empirical psychoanalytic '' label which Fromm claims sheds no light on the validity of his underlying philosophy , it does increase the marketability of his product .
she would talk to him in a soothing voice about things his mother would have said were not nice and put her hands on him and kiss him passionately .
The possibilities of selling the property later on for suburban subdivision .
His canvases nowadays bore titles frankly declaring them to be `` Figures In Space '' , or `` Blue Figure '' , or `` Pink Figure '' ; ;
He could feel his own feet , iron-shod , striking repeatedly until the body was limp .
In both cases the stubborn fact remains : liberalism gave birth to two brilliant apostates , both legitimate offspring of its loins , and when brought to the test , it behaved shabbily .
A ballistic missile cannot , today , tell you if it was successful or unsuccessful .
Since they were hunting for national defense contracts , Adam Herberet , a man of surprising resources , entered the combination as a silent partner because of his political connections .
Above the tongue , an aged yellow eye , sallow and time-cast , encrusted within a sphere of marbleized pink skin , stared unfalteringly at him .
And nobody knows what comes next .
The horses were groomed to a high gloss ; ;
Autosuggestibility , the reaction of the subject in such a way as to conform to his own expectations of the outcome ( i.e. , that the arm-rise is a reaction to the pressure exerted in the voluntary contraction , because of his knowledge that `` to every reaction there is an equal and opposite reaction '' ) also seems inadequate as an explanation for the following reasons : ( 1 ) the subjects' apparently genuine experience of surprise when their arms rose , and ( 2 ) manifestations of the phenomenon despite anticipations of something else happening ( e.g. , of becoming dizzy and maybe falling , an expectation spontaneously volunteered by one of the subjects ) .
Or singlehandedly decided to reverse national policy and hit the Soviets without provocation ? ?
We collected `` lucky stones '' -- all the creamy translucent pebbles , worn smooth and round , that we could find in the driveway .
Proposals
Thus Burns's `` My love is like a red , red rose '' and Hopkins' `` The thunder-purple sea-beach , plumed purple of Thunder '' although clearly intelligible in content , hardly present ideas of the sort with which we are here concerned .
Also the department of justice building is located where J. Edgar Hoover presides over the federal bureau of investigation .
The submission of detailed plans would place the issues before the court more readily than would discussion of divestiture or disenfranchisement in the abstract .
Potemkin was directing this conflict on three fronts : in the Caucasus ; ;
He also asked Congress to approve establishment of a national child health institute .
But up to date he has shown as much as any in the big Simpson stable .
St. John 3 : 7 .
( Divide 40 by the amount used in item 2 above .
Mr. Ailey's `` Roots Of The Blues '' , an earthy and very human modern dance work , provided strong contrast to the ballet selections of the evening .
Some ten years ago that page was torn out , I don't know by whom .
How to feed :
At the end of the calculated time he'd nose the Waco down through the cloud bank and hope to break through where some feature of the winter landscape would be recognizable .
We had stopped before a shop window to assess its autumnal display , when you suddenly turned to me , looking up from beneath one of your wrong hats , and with your nervous `` ahem '' ! !
Land reform is likely to be a pressing issue in many of these countries .
He has to ; ;
simmer 15 minutes , stirring occasionally , until sauce is of desired consistency .
I must say , however , that I preferred the acting that had something of a biting edge to it .
their mutual torture would be over .
Realtors live in their communities as specialists in a given area of work , as members of social and professional organizations , as citizens and civic leaders , as church laymen , as university alumni , as newspaper readers , etc. .
Beckworth left the tent .
It is true , that nothing has been found comparable with electricity by communication ; ;
Arnold Palmer has been a blazing figure in golf over the past twelve months .
There was the squat loose-jowled man , smiling lopsidedly up at him .
Dan Morgan '' .
The Bible is as obviously and truly food for the spirit as bread is food for the body .
Unless God expected a man to believe the Holy Scriptures , why had He given them to him ? ?
To find a form that accommodates the mess , that is the task of the artist now '' .
One hundred years ago there existed in England the Association for the Promotion of the Unity of Christendom .
I got a coin between my thumb and forefinger , leaned my elbows in a very natural and casual manner on top of the truck cab and flipped my little missile .
Wexler admitted in earlier court hearings that he issued grand jury subpenas to about 200 persons involved in the election investigation , questioned the individuals in the Criminal courts building , but did not take them before the grand jury .
All we wanted to do was to stand very quietly and look and look and look .
Then he --
A big mechanical ditcher was running the trenches , and the town building inspector was paying a friendly , if curious , visit .
2 .
`` Nor crazy relatives .
Douglas has voted for aid to Communists and for the destruction of individual freedom ( public housing , foreign aid , etc. ) .
He thought of other possibilities , none of them satisfactory , and finally he began to think , to wonder if there was some way he could reach Burton .
The jury praised the administration and operation of the Atlanta Police Department , the Fulton Tax Commissioner's Office , the Bellwood and Alpharetta prison farms , Grady Hospital and the Fulton Health Department .
Gossip had it ( for gossip is the soul of Rome ) that a famous American dancer of the time had paid for both the planes .
He looked at her as she spoke , then got up as she was speaking still , and , simply and wordlessly , walked out .
He pushed the radio button .
Roy was deeply distressed .
`` Felix '' ? ?
The biblical symbol for this affirmation is expressed in the words : `` So God created man in his own image ; ;
Dice , for example , he inferred from black dots on a white surface .
Outside , Shayne hesitated when he saw that Rourke had parked his coupe directly in front of the bar headed south .
Freddy needed a job , having been detached from a rather dangerous career in real estate and skyscraper financing by Gerry , and it was up to Arthur Willis to provide him with one .
and myself .
Then in 1893 Dr. William Jewett Tucker became president and the college's great awakening began .
9 .
`` They're stealin' the stock '' ! !
and they agreed to see that the tragic pair would not put poison in anybody else's soup .
I returned to the hall , despite my dislike for the clerk .
In support of this , stories from the early literature are cited to show that Zen attacks the idea of supernatural power .
He is an individualist but not an anarchist ; ;
She said , `` My dear , do you know what Kent House is '' ? ?
Kahler continued : `` I fixed his dog the other day and I guess he's sore , so I expected him to come barging in '' .
You can install it yourself -- this is a central system that will cool every part of your house .
For nearly a year , they have been receiving counseling , separately and together , in an effort to understand and overcome the antagonisms which had given rise to the possibility of divorce .
and SAC , which controls long-range bombers and Atlas missiles .
Yet nobody will question the necessity of all this and any reputable interior designer does know all this and does practice it .
The second really new development this year was a revolver handling a different sort of varmint load -- the
The man seemed to sink a little as Ramey brought the tire iron down on his shoulder and it seemed that the blonde head was turning as he hit the man again , with his fist .
Maybe the answer was in his eyes .
`` He says I'm to take the message '' .
`` I hate to have these things come up again and again '' , Dr. Jenkins commented as he made his suggestion .
I don't know any secret recipe for certainty .
The businessman was Raymond Thornburg .
Tom Day of Beaverton exhibited the grand champion 4-H market hog , a Chester White .
The continuity of the project is suggested by plans for an eventual third edition .
Softness is found in crushed textures .
Already Trevelyan had begun to parallel his nineteenth-century Italian studies with several works on English figures of the same period .
It was in the air .
He spoke briefly , sensibly , to the point and without oratorical flourishes .
Gorton answered in writing .
Let me set the record this time , and let me get back OK , so the German will give me the exclusive .
The corporation , in filing its final Federal income return , claimed the state tax payment as a deductible expense , as permitted under U.S. tax law .
Consultation with architects , clients , real estate men , fabric houses and furniture companies is essential to the proper development of class problems just as in actual work .
Magnificent Mosque
For , in accordance with Mr. Lowell's concept of an advisory board , our selections are made by experienced selectors who give both constancy and consistency to our processes and our choices .
Processing the returns
Patchen believes that the world is being destroyed by power-hungry and money-hungry people .
He stopped and whispered his errand .
`` Transparent look , waxy skin -- could well be uremia '' .
Apart from some areas of recurring trouble , like Bani Mellal , where inexperienced officials had been appointed , there is little evidence that local officials intervened in the electoral process .
Success reduces the prospect of threat and his powers of discrimination are improved .
Immediately refill to a level of Af inches with water at 100 - 109-degrees-F ( 38 - 43*0C ) .
The danger lay not in believing that our own A-bombs would deter Russia's use of hers ; ;
S.K. was visiting C.C.B. and , not waiting for breakfast , he was off to the University Club , where he spent hours writing obituaries of living Americans for The Manchester Guardian or The Glasgow Herald .
At the end of the corridor Alec noticed a door marked : Fire Stairs .
The leagues are full of guys like that '' .
Being reasonably sure of the reason for the long pause , however , did not make it seem any less long to Jack .
Now that Israel enjoys relative prosperity and a reduction of tensions , the secularists are less disposed to compromise .
I had come to Chicago from New York early in September with a dramatic production called Ask Tony .
The flame was simply of a different kind .
a Pouilly-Fuisse or a Chablis somewhat less cold .
His pictures generalize , though they are inspired by a particular locale ; ;
A Tibetan swami from Palermo , Sicily , announced in Beverly Hills a newly discovered , ancient yoga discipline for ripple breathing which increased both pranha and cosmic attraction between sexes .
As he applied the applicator extending from the machine -- which consisted of seven differently colored neon tubes superimposed on a rectangular base -- to the supposedly diseased portions of Mrs. Shaefer's body , Lee kept up a steady stream of pseudo-scientific mumbo-jumbo .
The presence of normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses was first noted in 1721 by Ruysch , and thereafter by many others .
She said she didn't know a thing -- Tim had left the house at six in the morning , as usual .
`` Just befoh he left foh his academeh we wuh hevin dack-rihs on the vuhranduh , Major Roebuck an Ah , an Huhmun says ' May Ah hev one too ' ? ?
The screen test was never made -- but Diane was .
One girl describes her past , her succession of broken marriages , the abortions she has had and finally confesses that she loves sex and sees no reason why she must justify her passion .
The Soviet Union will fight neither a conventional nor a nuclear war over Berlin , and neither will its Warsaw Pact allies .
She had helped him change his mind .
Nassau is currently building a central collection of reference materials in its Hempstead headquarters , which will reach its goal of 100,000 volumes by 1965 .
`` How ya gonna keep 'em down on the farm '' ? ?
Only afterwards did an act like that become meaningless , so that he would puzzle over it for days , whereas at the time it had seemed quite real .
I guess you're right '' .
Obviously the commander-in-chief had confidence that Morgan would furnish him good intelligence too , for on the 23rd of May , he told Morgan that the British were prepared to move , perhaps in the night , and asked Morgan to have two of his best horses ready to dispatch to General Smallwood with the intelligence obtained .
Hong Kong interests loudly protest limiting their exports to Britain , while Spanish and Portuguese textiles pour into British market unrestrictedly .
Their clapping grew more fervent ; ;
She began to explain , `` There was this poet , in Italy '' He interrupted , `` Please don't judge all poets '' .
`` Um '' ? ?
What has this to do with the present ? ?
That goddamn redheader was the worst .
Question at issue : How big a vote should be necessary to restrict Senate debate -- and thereby cut off legislation-delaying filibusters ? ?
Rather than viewing the abortive recovery in 1959-60 as a reason for believing we have lost prospects for growth '' , he said `` it should be viewed as a lesson well learned which will increase the probability of substantial improvement in this recovery '' .
As an American Catholic of Irish ancestry , I came with certain preconceptions and expectations ; ;
It is `` Defeat Into Victory '' , by Field Marshal Viscount Slim .
By and large their programs are satisfactorily connected both to the employment situation and to the realities of the apprentice system .
`` The things you talk me into , Mike .
`` I am very pleased to have the doubt of suspicion removed .
He could move very quickly , she knew ( although he seldom found occasion to do so ) , but he was more wiry than truly strong .
Phil said : `` I got my release '' .
Someone reasonably trustworthy .
So , he understood her panic .
`` You're not living up to your own principles '' , she told my discouraged people .
He looked at Gilborn with undisguised curiosity .
`` It's my dryin' out time '' .
As was to be expected Kennedy's latest speech was greeted with enthusiasm by revenge-seeking circles in Bonn , where officials of the West German government praised it '' .
It seemed as though she were always auditioning .
Some of them were then covered with a drop of Af in a moist chamber at 24-degrees for 30 - 40 minutes .
Is it worth-while ? ?
She also was the original GOP national committeewoman from New Jersey in the early 1920s following adoption of the women's suffrage amendment .
Rexroth and Patchen are far apart musically and poetically in their experiments .
Straighten the arms slowly , this arches the back .
Take the axe .
If the administration does not succeed in passing the sales tax bill , or any other tax bill , it could very well be faced this spring at the fiscal session of the Legislature with an interesting dilemma .
Remove all other loose pieces and file the edges of the basic frame smooth .
These vehicles , with large sensitive areas , have collected data for long enough times to give reliable impact rates for the periods of exposure .
But by the tracing procedure , he could , in a strange obviously kinesthetic manner , find the unseen form ; ;
`` Let's talk about books '' , Moreland said .
Do you have a long-term ( 5- or 10-yr. ) marketing program ? ?
In New York , Lydia Maria Child welcomed him enthusiastically : `` I have lately heard of you from the Legislature of Louisiana , and felt joy at your public recognition of the brotherhood of man '' .
So a quick count could be made at any time , even by an illiterate clerk , of the number of registered persons in four age-and-sex classes .
Less ambitious freeway plans may be more successful -- especially when the roadways and interchanges are raised , allowing for cross access at many points and providing parking areas below the ramp .
Oh how they bounced ! !
Notice should be taken of unusual rock formations , deposits , or shapes of the earth's crust in your region .
I look like an old man , compared '' , and he had picked up his photograph with the red Christmas bow still on it .
Until professional planners meet this situation squarely and update the concepts of zoning in a manner acceptable to the courts , I hope we in East Greenwich can continue to shape our own destiny .
Boston , Mass. ; ;
Included are the following : Baptist Student Movement , Canterbury Club ( Episcopal ) , Christian Science Organization , Friends' Meeting for Worship , Hillel ( Jewish ) , Liberal Religious Fellowship , Lutheran Student Association , Newman Club ( Roman Catholic ) , Presbyterian Student Fellowship , United Student Fellowship ( Congregational-Baptist ) , and Wesley Fellowship ( Methodist ) .
But the form in which the claim must be stated need not be different from what the State exacts in the enforcement of like obligations created by it , so long as a requirement does not add to , or diminish , the right as defined by Federal law , nor burden the realization of this right in the actualities of litigation '' .
Winston watched him hurry down the drive to his car ; ;
`` Doctor '' Lee asked her to lie down on a bed and remove her shoes .
Most Juniors who were entered in the Finals are seasoned campaigners and not only show and win in Junior Classes but score in the Breed Classes as well .
Joking stopped and everyone gathered around .
The piano performance on this Trout is one that really demands a search for superlatives .
I was at least conscious of the distinction in my full Yokuts presentation that awaits publication , in which , in listing ' Two-Stem Meanings ' , I set off by asterisks those forms in which N of stem B was Af of stem A/3 , the unasterisked ones standing for Af ; ;
I have full confidence in you .
Maybe the Indian wasn't too much at fault , Ramey thought .
This is a theoretically complicated dipole interaction which causes any extremely small uncharged particle to agglomerate with other small uncharged particles , or to stick to an uncharged surface .
Parker insisted that the size of the record would have been drastically reduced but for an unavoidable duplication of testimony .
that is , he was unaware what kind of objects they were or what their use was .
`` A real ' nothing ' torso '' , says Henri .
The target chart quickly and briefly tells you which additives do what .
Then he spread out the last list on the counter .
Phil started to say something but Eddie cut him short .
The door panels are designed to accommodate standard doors which should be of exterior grade .
May He bless you all .
She thought again of her children , those two who had died young , before the later science which might have saved them could attach even a label to their separate malignancies .
But I can only make this choice because I believe that the risk need not increase , but may be deliberately reduced '' ( by precautions against accidents or by limiting war ? ?
Another patient , a paranoid woman , for many months infuriated not only me but the ward-personnel and her fellow patients by arrogantly behaving as though she owned the whole building , as though she were the only person in it whose needs were to be met .
Temperature , wind , oxygen content , depth , bottom character , and animal life are the chief environmental variables .
`` I'm not good at that kind of thing '' .
.
He becomes more callous , the population becomes more hostile , the situation grows more tense , and the police force is increased .
The continued operation of this program depends on having his service '' .
The only current event they're staging is the big show at the Stadium Nov. 25 , when Danny will entertain thousands of underprivileged kids .
What can a mother do then to prevent misbehavior ? ?
The Court of Appeals affirmed .
On the third floor one of the two windows was lighted ; ;
However , Haney knew it was not a dream .
But all of this was rationalization .
Further , the corpuscular radiation , i.e. , the solar-wind protons , must sputter away the surface atoms of the dust and cause a slow diminution in size , with a resultant increase in both the Poynting-Robertson effect and the ratio of the repulsive force to the gravitational force .
This was the negative side of the situation .
Some churches have six or more training sessions of two hours each , generally held on Sunday night or during the week .
His view is that every religion pertains to a community , and , conversely , every community is in one aspect a religious unit .
Not very much later , but when things had settled down a little .
Dr. James B. Conant has earned a nationwide reputation as a moderate and unemotional school reformer .
( 3 ) Special bunks -- as discussed here , they permit cattle to eat from all sides .
They were able to experience at first , in terms of past conventionality .
The dogs were working a trail -- lion ? ?
If we fail to develop the means to hunt down and destroy the enemy's military force with extreme care and precision , and if war comes in spite of our most ardent desires for peace , our choice of alternatives will be truly frightening .
Even the college professor in America has been affected .
All dressing ( undressing to be more exact ) must be done in our small bath house or at the swimmers' homes .
But they deliberately avoided the one subject that had them all curious : the failure of the boss's wife and son to join the outfit .
She refolded the letter , replaced it in its envelope , and turned with relief to one from her brother George .
And the entirety of the natural world is party to the action .
Said she , `` I'm strong , too .
Both Roman Catholics and Protestants have succumbed to this temptation in the past .
Today , by contrast it is a lively and colorful fruit , vegetable , and flower market .
In the past an orthodontist might have tried , over four or five years , to straighten and fit the boy's large teeth into a jaw that , despite some growth , would never accommodate them .
Since D' and N' commute with one another and Af , we see that D' and N' commute with T .
In the allocation pattern worked out for these frequencies , the provision of long-range service has to some extent been subordinated to the other two objectives -- assignment of multiple facilities , and assignment of stations in as many communities as possible .
If the patient can perceive figure kinesthetically when he cannot perceive it visually , then , it would seem , the sense of touch has immediate contact with the spatial aspects of things in independence of visual representations , at least in regard to two dimensions , and , as we shall see , even this much spatial awareness on the part of unaided touch is denied by the authors .
With meat , milk , butter and ice cream , the calorie-heavy U.S. diet is 40% fat , and most of that is saturated fat -- the insidious kind , says Dr. Keys , that increases blood cholesterol , damages arteries , and leads to coronary disease .
A precision transit is set up so that it is aligned with respect to true north .
Like a mischievous boy expecting punishment , Matsuo awaited reaction from the jungle .
Here I was accompanied by Mrs. Okamoto ( Fumio's mother ) , her son , Mr. Washizu ( a prospective student with whom I have been corresponding for more than a year ) , and Mr. Nishima , one of the science teachers .
Why Slater ? ?
A tsunami in the Hawaiian Islands in 1869 washed away an entire town ( Ponoluu ) , leaving only two forlorn trees standing where the community had been .
There was a gabble of voices from indoors , young hungry sounds like cats after fish , and a burst of swearing from the old man .
Smaller systems can of course be stated much more succinctly .
`` Yeah , keen '' .
These inwardly dramatic moments showed the kind of `` opera style '' of which Beethoven was genuinely capable , but which did not take so kindly to the mechanics of staging .
New Unifil application
This is our duty -- not as nurses or city employes -- but as citizens of the United States .
It may remind one of Russia , China or East Berlin ; ;
Every so often he turned the knife .
I believe it is an area in which professional planners have failed to set adequate guide posts ; ;
The international economy of 1960 is markedly different from that of the early postwar years .
It was not until the last year of his life that he had his first moneymaking show .
Success , for many turnpikes , has come hard .
`` Here are two old men , mad at each other and too proud to pick up the phone '' , said a House Democratic leader .
Granted , the cosmological , philosophical , and cultural reverberations initiated by the De Revolutionibus were felt with increasing violence during the 300 years to follow .
`` Fees are about half to a third of what they were 25 years ago '' .
-- Make him lie down ! !
`` You're having a miserable time , aren't you ? ?
Cap with a Af bar and tack-solder in place .
Of course .
`` This ain't your brand , maybe '' , Lord suggested .
`` Pedersen '' ? ?
This is drama enough .
almost at once a figure bulked up .
The system works as an impersonal mechanism .
The car spun around again , Simms said , before Stickney could turn north in Prairie Avenue , and then violated two stop lights as he traveled north into Wilmette in Prairie .
`` Listen to me , Leigh .
A workbench had a heavy top and sturdy legs , but how did you attach sturdy legs to a heavy top so that the whole thing didn't wobble like a newborn calf and ultimately collapse when you leaned on it ? ?
Her uniform was of rich , raw silk , in a shade which matched her hair , skin , housepaint , and cats , and since she was so thin as to be almost shapeless , she rather resembled a frozen fish stick .
The girls sit quietly with the musicians , wearing prim dresses or plain , secretarial shifts , until it is time to go off to a back room and reappear in the spare uniform of the harem .
His head snapped round and he reeled back , crashing into the table where his buddies were sprawling .
The amount which may be borrowed from the SBA depends on how much is required to carry out the intended purpose of the loan .
The word distance is used here in a rather general sense ; ;
Reasons for selecting mail questionnaire method
A western vacation is practically synonymous with a visit to at least one of the magnificent national parks in this area .
In a frenzy of excitement , he considered his plan .
He was perhaps a trifle tipsy , having been long at sea where drinking is not permitted , and consequently out of practice ; ;
Chlorothiazide was omitted for a 2-week period , but there was no change in the muscle weakness .
When it became obvious that he could stay inside no longer , taking a thousand to one chance Gonzales rushed outside , square against the muzzle of a Winchester .
He remembers the desperate , panting breath ; ;
Their interest remains chiefly biographical , for they throw some light on the utter despair which overtook Thompson in the spring and early summer of 1900 .
There is the unexplainable , and there art raises questions that it does not attempt to answer '' .
Then he met the grave eyes of his wife , Anne , from the photograph next to David's .
the cinematic element of time is merely used to increase the realism of an object which would still be reasonably realistic in a still photo .
The most common reference to `` wet stock '' was with the meanin' that such animals had been smuggled across the Rio Grande after bein' stolen from their rightful owners .
My diplomacy was needless .
Elegance and color
Jack knew of course that the tale to be unfolded would involve a girl and probably be dirty , because girls were Charles' only apparent interest .
He saw the sign above the door of the hut : home sweet home .
It was first tried out on a conventional submarine , the Albacore , in 1954 .
This is no surprising trait for a ballplayer .
Adam nodded .
Borrowing a line from Don Marquis' Mehitabel .
However , there is also much to be gained by making use of the abilities of the local people who are available and interested in recreation .
In the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the Department's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer's report and notes .
`` Twenty-one '' , replied the sheik .
Both men knew it was in the Norberg family holdings , but to which of the cousins did it belong , Anta or Freya ? ?
However , a boy's lively eyes might rove .
But Means kept on .
and in at least one instance , involving refund claims , it might be contrary to another provision of the United States Code .
McFeeley looked puzzled .
What better affirmative step could be taken to this end than repeal of the Connally amendment -- an act which could expose the United States to no practical risk yet would put an end to our self-judging attitude toward the court , enable us to utilize it , and advance in a tangible way the cause of international law and order ? ?
It was almost too easy .
The complex morphology of polycrystalline homopolymers is necessarily dependent on the same factor .
You're not in the big leagues , but if you can't give and take down here what the hell do you think it'll be like up there '' ? ?
Someone had taken her away from him .
''
( For instance , see Example 2 of Section 5-5 , on red cards in hands of 5 .
2 .
`` Hell with it '' .
As an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea ( scours ) , feed 50 grams per ton .
What they meant was that there was no evidence to show that the south and east coasts of Britain received Germanic settlers conspicuously earlier than some other parts of England .
`` Maybe not , if you're 200 feet under water '' , Artie said .
Hell , I gave him the first decent job he ever had , six , seven -- how many years ago was it , Rob '' ? ?
All the young men , Alokut among them , challenged them in matched racing .
Crunch , that's all she wrote '' .
It was only then that he turned to look at Penny .
ICBMs have given us a capability which could be used in two different ways .
No novels .
For one whole week he never let her stay alone .
William keeps up with our town's doings daily , via the Tribune , and he tells me he never misses the Ticker .
A normal year's work in college is 30 semester hours .
`` Howda I know '' ? ?
A new radial drill press with a 16 inch capacity has a tilting head that allows drilling to be done at any angle .
She had invited him in for coffee .
A portable electric heater is advisable for shelters in cold climates .
Instead of emotional recrimination , loaded phrases and sloganeering , we need a dispassionate study of the facts , a better understanding of the opposite viewpoint and a more serious effort to extend the areas of agreement until a solution is reached .
Provided , That nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the life of the Commission , or its authority to act on future agreements which may be effected under the provisions of this legislation .
When winter comes be ready with additional mulch .
He slammed into the wall , bounced back , and caught Curt with a roundhouse right which sent him spinning .
So manufacturers have pioneered a new type of vehicle -- the self-unloading carrier .
In the written language then can be underlined or italicized to guide the reader here , but much of the time the written language simply depends on the reader's alertness , and a careless reader will have to back up and reread .
Do not use wood as it will not shrink with the clay and would cause breakage .
This viewpoint I find interesting , but it has never weighed on my soul .
`` I like to follow the holidays when they come along .
Bake and Shirl Winter , on separate telephones , could not reach him at any conceivable location in Los Angeles , nor could they secure any clear-cut information regarding his efforts .
Upon which the detective bureau despatched rifle squads to prevent trouble if O'Banion should send his gunmen out to deal with the hijacking policemen .
but mere dilution of the conjugate to 1 : 4 did not satisfactorily remove nonspecific staining .
In the early spring of 1913 a few hundred thousand persons turned out to watch 5000 women parade .
Sometimes such people sense that they are being used ; ;
Since writing was practiced in the Aegean before the end of the century , we may hope that the details of tradition will now be occasionally useful .
Check the quantity and quality of all of the recreation interests already existing at the site .
`` Olivetti had a special interest for Hodges .
With respect to those countries whose leaders prefer to live with their illusions , we can afford to wait , for in time their comparative lack of progress will become clear for all to see .
Miss Eileen Grant is spending several weeks visiting in Florida .
One is Greece is not yet suffering from overpopulation .
In the lower portion of each Chart , the Skeletal Age ( Hand ) of boy 34 and girl 2 may be similarly classified .
The body was that of a well-developed , somewhat debilitated white man weighing 108 lb. .
He made a sound of despair deep in his throat .
Benson moved his arms , gesturing with an unfamiliar vigor and talking rapidly .
Face Of A Hero ( closed ) , based on a Pierre Boulle novel .
To greet them with repulsion would turn what before was neutral into something bad ; ;
Rather than sit around waiting for the suitcases to be delivered , they had gone sight-seeing .
Like his friend and contemporary August Strindberg he had little patience with collective mediocrity .
To his left , the two skiffs dented their sharp bows into the soft bank .
But why ? ?
The carved statues of the frieze against the low wall are for the most part headless , but their exquisitely graceful nude and draped torsos and the kneeling Atlantes are well preserved in their perfect proportion .
Whoever rises to the occasion walks a treacherous path to leadership .
As I ministered to his needs , I noticed that his face was radiant in spite of his suffering and I learned that he was trusting not only in the skill of his doctor and nurse but also the Lord .
Most of our aid will go to those nearing self-sufficiency
Not a single Southern author , major or minor , has made the urban problems of an urban South his primary source material .
Little enough joy was afforded Wright in the spring of 1925 , when another destructive fire broke out at Taliesin .
And it is certainly no slight to either of them to compare both their achievements and their impact .
`` They can be going along , doing little damage , then bang , bang -- they can hit a couple of passes on you for touchdowns and put you in trouble '' .
Many of the post-World War 2 , abstract expressionists , apostles of the discipline of spontaneity and hazard , look alike , and do look like accidents .
For further information , contact Small Business Administration Regional Offices in Atlanta , Ga. ; ;
As the two cars roared by , there was a high-pitched eerie , nerve-shattering sound .
The cast :
He emphasized to the Presiding Elder the plan of giving up the old church and moving across the river .
The Brooklyn College student shows some striking departures from prevailing collegiate models .
`` Stupid fools -- ain't got enough brains between the two of you '' --
Indeed , you wouldn't live long , for the females either drive the men they've seized from neighboring islands back to their boats after exploiting them for amatory purposes , or they destroy them by revolting but ingenious methods .
Mama would enjoy the sight of the famous guests as much as anyone , and would note a gown here and there to tell me about that night .
Twenty-one-year-old Milt Pappas and Jerry Walker , 22 , are scheduled to share the Oriole mound chores against the Bombers' Art Ditmar in Sunday's 2 P.M. encounter .
A group of native trees or plants which are outstanding in a particular county can be featured at the site .
Waiting for what and for whom , only he could tell and would not .
`` Yes '' ? ?
When the neon sign flashed on , the shadow was still there .
True , our problems have lessened a bit as more and more of our neighbors have built their own pools , thereby diluting our spectacular attractions .
Let me say at the outset that the music sounded as sparkling on the last playing as it did on the first .
`` I see there are some cars here .
But he had found all of the thickets and points of cover deserted .
The first committee meeting will be held on May 19 .
They just all cleared out .
Then when Miss Langford was on the end of the line of girls , Jack , in the middle of the line , gave an extra hard pull and the young teacher sprawled backwards , sitting down hard , her dress flying over her head .
Analysis
The Algol , the college annual , is published in the fall of each year .
As of Sunday night , there was no word of a resolution being offered there to rescind the action .
Its force spun him around , but he recovered and got into stride again .
I didn't look at him .
In one extreme case , cited by a Pittsburgh psychologist , an office worker's wife refused to have sexual relations with her husband unless he bought her the luxuries she demanded .
The public interest is so dominant in such an issue that I cannot be so presumptuous as to attempt to settle it by an administrative order based upon conclusions reached in a summary action in one or two Superior Courts in the State .
Communication .
The pipes burst and they all laughed and stood in ice water to their ankles while they swabbed the bathrooms .
It sprang from a type of mentality I'd encountered often enough but certainly had not expected to find here .
Further evidence that Roman Catholicism enjoys a more favorable position today than in 1861 is the respectful attention given to it in the mass media of England .
This , he was sure , was the way they would act ; ;
Such genuine human leadership the proprietorship can offer , corporations cannot .
Arlene Saunders was charming as poor Gontran .
The suicide attempt looked to him like an opportunity to put his theory to the test .
I am merely a channel for something .
For by now the original cause of the quarrel , Philip's seizure of Gascony , was only one strand in the spider web of French interests that overlay all western Europe and that had been so well and closely spun that the lightest movement could set it trembling from one end to the other .
There was , it seems to me , enough in the openly declared principles and intentions of Russian leaders to alienate honorable men without their having to wait to see how it would turn out .
Another beautiful building is the Propylaea , the entrance gate of the Acropolis .
Benson said , referring to the Indian .
7 .
Yet he never allowed these models to become fixed in his mind ; ;
In a short time the officer returned and Thomas followed on his heels .
Like Willie Mays in the outfield .
Only by means of an intensive preoccupation with the detailed considerations following from any decision can he ensure attention to the practical details to be dealt with if the implications of immorality in the major decision are effectively to be checked .
I was amazed .
Since he has just shown who is top dog , he may not be ready to receive this highest honor in the gift of the Soviet people .
In this essay , we are , along with most historians , interested in the more general or more inclusive ideas , that are so to speak `` writ large '' in history of literature where they recur continually .
Outside the hall , I anxiously looked around for her , then all at once there was a hand on my elbow .
The shadows of the trees engulfed her , foreclosing every possible exit from the grove .
His earliest work reflected heavy influences from English and continental writers .
`` I hit him in the ass once '' .
Between 1935 and 1939 Letch and I made ten films together , each less successful , both artistically and commercially , than the one before it .
The detailed rundown on the Kansas City scoring in the sixth went like this :
Travel allowances , including subsistence , have been revised by administrative officials recently and compare favorably with other states' allowances .
A carbine cracked more loudly , and a slug clipped fragments from the brush off at one side .
When the budget goes to trustees for approval it is the president's budget , to which his faith and credit are committed ; ;
The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality .
Smiling , she sat down on the suitcase and waited and watched .
Solder it and the five locking bar spacers to the frame .
Unlike many decorative patterns that present a static flat convention , this artist's pictures are full of atmosphere and climate .
The philosophy has been that if they could find the time to attend class why not encourage them to get the credit and perhaps provide an incentive to do the work more effectively .
Whenever she found time , she went blackberry picking with him , and they would come home together , mouths purple , arms and faces scratched , tired enough to forget grief for another day .
After all , the man had no family , so no one suffered , and everybody was better off for it .
In American romance , almost nothing rates higher than what the movie men have called `` meeting cute '' -- that is , boy-meets-girl seems more adorable if it doesn't take place in an atmosphere of correct and acute boredom .
You may stay as long as you wish , of course , but if arranging for the care of the girls must take time into account , I think a day or two should be enough to finish our business in '' .
Even now , there were several slick cruisers tied to the dock , an ocean-going yawl anchored inside the breakwater .
I've tried to compromise by letting them take the little car now and then .
We have been grand to Formosa itself -- lots of aid , and , most of the time , a policy of support for the offshore islands .
And even if they stay in resorts part of the time , they might , if the right salesman gets them in tow , develop a yearning to spice the usual vacation fare with a camping trip into the wide open spaces .
This has got to be some kind of local phenomenon .
Only Mary's praise sustained him in his disappointment .
the `` objections stated at outrageous length '' ; ;
It gave him a chance to unload the stuff and get it down to the cellar without a barrage of acid comments .
When May came the Caravan had already crossed the Equator .
`` Doesn't it ever bother you '' , Warren had asked , `` to have people always asking you about your hands '' ? ?
He assembled quantities of facts about the nature of American politics in general , as well as about the day-to-day course of the closest Presidential election in American history .
In his sculpture therefore it would not be possible for him to project anything of what Jesus felt for his mother ; ;
)
The guy who makes the motor boats may be a Communist '' .
He looked more closely .
So what ? ?
He asked .
Nevertheless , according to the traditional theory , a man begins in the midst of action and he analyzes its nature and immediate consequences before or while putting it forth and causing these consequences .
Clerks and postmasters shoveled muck out of their offices -- those who still had offices -- and wondered how to move the mail .
Shore facilities are enormous -- Los Angeles harbors 5,000 boats , and Long Beach 3,000 -- but marinas are crowded everywhere .
I leave it to the statisticians to say what they were , but I noticed several a few years ago , during an automobile ride from Memphis to Hattiesburg .
His superiors had also preached this , saying it was the way for eternal honor .
The extent and location of open areas is noted .
Yet with all this knowledge I had nothing of substance to unravel our case , as you would call it , till yesterday .
The man shoved him into the water , then ran past the cabana .
But the key revelation is not new .
But this is not the real problem ; ;
He made a fool of you , Lester '' .
Their having family ties on our plantation & the adjoining one would be a stronger inducement '' .
I have the honor to refer to the Agricultural Commodities Agreement signed today between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of India ( hereinafter referred to as the Agreement ) and , with regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under Article 2 , of the Agreement , to state that the understanding of the Government of the United States of America is as follows : 1 .
She was interrupted .
To be sure , when this is pointed out , a common response among certain churchmen is to fulminate about `` the little flock '' and `` the great crowd '' and to take solace from Paul's castigation of the `` wisdom of the wise '' in the opening chapter of First Corinthians .
Judgments are continually rendered regarding the potential buyers' income , educational level and above all , racial extraction ; ;
Lobularity is extremely well developed in type 1 ; ;
Some denominations ask new members to sign personally the chronological membership register .
Getting elected president of the student body took a lot of time and politicking .
Each point on C , as a vertex , may possess a finite number of corresponding diagonal points by the above construction .
What's below the water-line interests me also .
In Hilo Bay they were from 21 to 26 feet high .
( 2 )
What I do is to try to bring him into contact with reality as much as possible .
He thought , Pull out of it , old son .
Its drafters discussed this vital point but left it out of their Constitution .
David Cortlandt , having slept away a day and a night , came awake in a plank farmhouse on the Harlem River near Spuyten Duyvil .
He recalled Lucy , as `` a bright-looking black-eyed young lady who came regularly through the boys' study hall to join the class in Greek in the little recitation room beyond '' .
`` But when it comes to war , the Colonel knows what it is and Jeff doesn't .
If you ever try anything without my orders I'll kill you '' .
A noticeable protrusion of the upper or lower jaw .
Lewis looked at him and began to cry , and then , saying that he was going to make a promise , he asked Blackman to call the porter and to tell him to take out all the liquor that he did not want .
Feeds for livestock took about one-sixth of the world's cereal crop in 1957-1958 .
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering -- ( 1 )
Casey believed that much .
As the plans were laid , some several thousand fat cats were to be ensconced in the armory's $100 seats and in 68 ringside boxes priced at $10,000 each .
It is endless .
Providing these means are about ninety companies which manufactured the estimated 1,800,000 boat trailers now in use .
He's getting plenty of rest '' .
Perhaps one way to sharpen our sense of the modernity of Utopian communism is to contrast it with the principal earlier types of communistic theory .
As long as perception is seen as composed only of isolated sense data , most of the quality and interconnectedness of existence loses its objectivity , becomes an invention of consciousness , and the result is a philosophical scepticism .
For exactly one week , she was able to continue in this manner .
The markings consist of a centrally located 10 inch diameter measuring circle and a 14 inch diameter circle of 20 dots equidistantly spaced ( See Figure 1 ) .
A farm provides a wholesome and healthful environment for children .
Returning once again to the Schnabel reissue , I am beguiled anew by the magnificence of this pianist's musical penetration .
The ultimate trail system will be of value primarily for recreation and wildlife utilization and fire protection .
as a rule , the earlier general dental treatment is started , the less expensive and more satisfactory it is likely to be .
In the line of operatic trades to cushion the budget , the Dallas Civic Opera will use San Francisco's new Leni Bauer-Ecsy production of `` Lucia Di Lammermoor '' this season , returning the favor next season when San Francisco uses the Dallas `` Don Giovanni '' , designed by Franco Zeffirelli .
She said the jurors agreed that Pohl's confession was valid .
Writing to his colleague George Herbert Palmer -- `` Glorious old Palmer '' , as he addresses him -- James says that if only the students at Harvard could really understand Royce , Santayana , Palmer , and himself and see that their varying systems are `` so many religions , ways of fronting life , and worth fighting for '' , then Harvard would have a genuine philosophic universe .
Prokofieff was guided in a consistent direction by the life of his own people -- by the compass of their national ideas .
`` Harro , girl-san '' ! !
Maybe you are not that gifted either , but how about puttering around with the old paints ? ?
He looked very carefully at every piece of furnishing , as though hoping to store this information carefully in his mind .
`` I did everybody on my list but the Blevins and the Flannagans .
Barnett , as the titular head of the Democratic party , apparently must make the move to reestablish relations with the national Democratic party or see a movement come from the loyalist ranks to completely bypass him as a party functionary .
Wilson came by train from Birmingham and looked the city over ; ;
Youngish man on the make , Madden labeled him , and was ready to guess that in a correct , not too pushing fashion , the junior partner of the firm had political ambitions ; ;
A brace of pistols , holstered on belts , hung from a peg , along with ammunition pouches .
`` Comedy didn't die , it just went crazy .
Therefore , what we must prove or disprove is that there were Saxons , in the broad sense in which we must construe the word , in the area of the Saxon Shore at the time it was called the Saxon Shore .
She smiled , and expertly let herself downward , holding this known root or that , her sneakers sliding in the leaves .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 20th day of April , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-fifth .
2
and Gleason presumably is on the way with a further contribution in this area .
If God be for us , who can be against us ? ?
Beginning with the October 1959 issue of the Journal , the method of production of copy for photo-offset reproduction was changed from varityping to hot typesetting .
Oersted joined Ritter at Jena and stayed with him for 3 weeks , continuing their correspondence after he left .
Follow pool-care instructions to the letter , and be sure that one person ( in the family or not ) is regularly responsible for each aspect of the job , with no chance for claiming , `` It wasn't my turn '' .
The Georgia Legislature will wind up its 1961 session Monday and head for home -- where some of the highway bond money it approved will follow shortly .
Her upper lip lifted slightly .
Origin of state automobile practices .
The assignment of actual addresses to symbolic index word and electronic switch names occurs in Phase 3 , of the Autocoder processor .
For another moment we didn't talk , then she began to weep .
But we could wait all right ; ;
One of the warriors suddenly leaped to his feet and began running across the valley to the trees that lined the small creek .
As he walked , he tried to think .
They've worried , they've lain awake nights , they've shook at the slightest footstep , they've pictured their own destruction , and now it's all over and they can give up .
It was unlocked all the time she was washing windows .
I rapped my knuckles on the counter .
This conjugate was passed twice through Dowex-2-chloride and treated with various tissue powders in the same manner as described for the indirect method .
By analogy , the church also has been regarded as entirely independent of the `` world '' in the sense of requiring nothing from it in order to be the church .
And there is no section of the nation more ardent than the South in the cold war against Communism .
Col. Clifton Lisle , of Chester Springs , who headed the Troop Committee for much of its second and third decades , is now an honorary member .
Actually , there do not presently appear to be items in the statute comparable to a net operating loss carryover .
He moved forward to within thirty-five feet of her , being careful , because he knew the female is less predictable than the male .
Again Reverend Corder saved the bridge when Union soldiers planned to destroy it , after filling its two lanes with hay and straw -- but for what reason is not recorded nor remembered , certainly not because of pressure from an opposing Confederate force .
A family worship service will follow the program at 7:45 p.m. .
For we have said , in effect , that of the two alternatives to his position variously represented by the other participants in the demythologizing discussion , only one is really an alternative .
He evidently earned the place assigned him .
More believed that a man could be both serious and gay .
His life-long friend , Serge Koussevitzky , gave unreservedly of his praise and brilliant performances in Boston , New York , and Washington , D.C. , , to which he added broadcastings and recordings for the whole nation .
General leave to extend
Nathanael Greene told Washington that `` Lafayette was charmed with the spirited behavior of the militia and riflemen '' .
Did , I mean '' .
Charlie spent the next two days in his pajama bottoms , waiting for the fire in his back to subside , and used generous quantities of the hand lotion .
During the two weeks when the algae disappeared from the effluent BOD's in the effluent were 18 and 16 Aj .
The New York Central also has asked the ICC to permit it to gain control of the B & Aj .
If T is the total `` length '' of the process , its feed state may be denoted by a vector p(T) and the product state by p(Q) .
The river was only a few blocks away but an unbroken line of piers prevented me from seeing it .
It will be noted that point f has seven nearest neighbors , h and e have six , and p has only one , while the remaining points have intermediate numbers .
To interpret , indeed , the era from 1000 to 800 as a period mainly of consolidation may be a necessary but unfortunate defect born of our lack of detailed information ; ;
It will take a little time .
This is why he made such a magnificent soldier .
`` Can't you stop that stupid clowning for even a minute '' ? ?
It struck me as a very bright and very malnourished dog .
But what is the operational worth of a sociology which mimetically reproduces the idea of physical models ? ?
`` It would be like fighting the French and Indian War all over again '' , said one military man .
In contrast to this voluntary-control explanation for nonreactivity given by the Kohnstamm-positive subjects , the Kohnstamm-negative subjects offered an involuntary-control hypothesis to explain nonreactivity .
In the best tradition , he first taught himself to see , then to draw with accuracy and assurance , and then to paint .
Yet , he told himself , this was the best way .
Hatred tied his hands in Congress .
The oyabun was entertaining a group of dignitaries , the secretary said , businessmen from Tokyo for the most part , and Kayabashi wished to show them the mission .
He had done time for the theft .
You get ready ''
Again , by spreading one's purchases over several wine dealers , one becomes familiar with the names and specialties of reputable wine dealers and shippers abroad .
He mentions the beats only once '' , when he refers to their having revived through mere power and abandonment and the unwillingness to , commit death in life some idea of a decent equivalent between verbal expression and actual experience , , but the entire narrative , is written in the tiresome vocabulary `` of '' that lost `` and '' dying cause , `` and in the '' `` sprung syntax that is supposed to supplant , our mother , tongue .
Thus we see that Af and Af .
Harold Clurman is right to say that `` Waiting For Godot '' is a reflection ( he calls it a distorted reflection ) `` of the impasse and disarray of Europe's present politics , ethic , and common way of life '' .
The head was then fixed on a pole at Westminster , and the rest of the body was buried under the gallows .
What is exposited by this observation is not the inherent prejudices of Englishmen but the Anglophobia of Brooks Adams .
we had drifted closer .
down in the broil of the sun he was becoming dried out .
One of the most distressing of these scenes occurred at Spring Green toward the end of the open warfare , on a beautiful day in June .
Once the question of emancipation was settled to Palfrey's satisfaction , he faced a real problem in placing the freedmen in suitable homes as servants .
Inside were all the things they thought she ought to know concerning the last illness , death , and burial of Cousin Alexander Carraway .
Ignorance of the law is no better excuse on the water than it is on land ; ;
Lookout Mountain , Tennessee ; ;
Does your management climate and your management compensation plan attract and keep top-notch marketing people ? ?
The latter tried to arbitrate through a delegation from Providence , which offer was declined by the invaders .
If he ever did such a thing again she'd die of shame .
In a tour around the stacks , he found that the earliest volumes began on the left and progressed clockwise around the room .
`` Yes , of course , Mr. Nelson '' .
Our data indicate that these students of today do basically accept the existing institutions of the society , and , in the face of the realities of complex and large-scale economic and political problems , make a wary and ambivalent delegation of trust to those who occupy positions of legitimized responsibility for coping with such collective concerns .
`` You missed it '' , Buzz's voice said , `` You should have gone over to the Pagan Room with us .
When she said that she didn't have the money , he said that she could come in for treatment with his office model until she was ready to buy one .
I couldn't be sure he was still asleep .
The Kohnstamm-positive subjects seemed to be freer to experience the unusual and seemingly impossible in the external world .
It removes our present expression and shows that the badness we meant would not be affected by this , whereas on positivist grounds it should be .
There are many , many things to do .
The City of Miami recently yielded a prior claim of $8.5 million on the Graves Tract to clear the way for the project .
He was going to be sensible and not try to do anything rash with that gun pointed at him .
lovely old villages and a rugged seashore among its many worthwhile sights .
Then , advised by the Architect of the Capitol , the Joint Committee for the Library , traditionally responsible for the works of art in the building , ordered the space cleared and painted in fresco , to show `` the Peace after the Civil War '' , `` the Spanish-American War '' , and `` the Birth of Aviation '' , to match as nearly as feasible Brumidi's technique and composition .
But cooperation and understanding between local officials and the citizenry help lessen this problem .
All but the most rabid of Confederate flag wavers admit that the Old Southern tradition is defunct in actuality and sigh that its passing was accompanied by the disappearance of many genteel and aristocratic traditions of the reputedly languid ante-bellum way of life .
I am sure that Castro was happy , too , about that support .
the results were still being processed in 1959 .
To the extent , then , that declining U.S. prestige means that other nations will be tempted to place their bets on an ultimate American defeat , and will thus be more vulnerable to Soviet intimidation , there is reason for concern .
Certainly it is not necessary to repeat that the United States has no intention of interfering in the internal affairs of any nation ; ;
`` Maybe there isn't .
Profile cutting machines are available which can split foam to any desired thickness and produce sine , triangle , trapezoid , and other profiles in variable heights , dimensions , etc. .
South Philadelphia High's principal added that the current delay was caused by the `` pressure '' of a movie that the toneless lad was making .
It helps children grow up with at least a nodding acquaintance with the Bible .
This is a phenomenon familiar to all radio listeners , resulting from reflection of skywave signals at night from the ionized layer in the upper atmosphere known as the ionosphere .
Mrs. Andrus was talking to the maid , arranging for her to come in every day , instead of the four days she now worked .
This is more ambitious than Ptolemy is ever required to be when he faces his isolated problems .
A long book heavily weighted with military technicalities , in this edition it is neither so long nor so technical as it was originally .
It's a good use of money .
The next week , cousin Red wandered in as casually , but curt and untidy .
With names and addresses listed , verification came next .
`` Why should I ? ?
The lazy sing-song was spaced in time like the drone of a bumble-bee .
Alfred walked past him without a word and got into the car .
Sec. 4 .
Mr. Kennan sums up his judgment of what went wrong this way :
SBA cosponsors these courses with educational institutions and community groups .
All of which makes it more imperative than ever that the biological and genetic effects of fallout be understood .
Reproach the Catholics for it ! !
The latter measures the heat carried away by the bloodstream as an indication of the velocity of the blood flow .
And , as a matter of fact , Nicolas had slept in the park only part of one night , when he discovered that Munich's early mornings even in summer are laden with dew .
He must learn to say with true faith what the psalmist said in a similar world : `` The Lord is my light and my salvation ; ;
But he had never seen the mountainous half of his native land north of Vientiane , including the royal capital , Luang Prabang .
I suppose it is because we are just not big enough .
The instrumental method , however , is about 100 times more sensitive and yields numerical results which can be accurately repeated at will over a period of time .
In it important elements of Christianity and of the Biblical view of reality in general , which now cause us much difficulty , could be responded to quite naturally and spontaneously .
From International Airport in Los Angeles to International Airport in Houston , as the great four-jet Boeing 707 flies , is a routine five hours and 25 minutes , including stopovers at Phoenix , El Paso , and San Antonio .
Daniel Baker deluged his `` Unckle Quyne '' with requests to pay money for him to drapers in Watling Street and at the Two Cats in Canning Street .
The man was an ox and he put up a creditable struggle ; ;
`` Don't be smart .
Success depended upon maintaining her equanimity ; ;
The soldier's voice was muffled again , stricken with chagrin .
Of the millions who have served time in concentration camps in Siberia as political prisoners of the Soviet state , few emerge in the West to tell about it .
A few weeks later the maps were being divided into squares and a position was described as being `` about lots 239 , 247 and 272 with pickets forward as far as 196 '' .
At the same time , however , I availed myself of the services of that great English actor and master of make-up , Sir Gauntley Pratt , to do a `` quickie '' called The Mystery of the Mad Marquess , in which I played a young American girl who inherits a haunted castle on the English moors which is filled with secret passages and sliding panels and , unbeknownst to anyone , is still occupied by an eccentric maniac .
Aside from the Ruger carbine , a number of hunting rifles have been introduced for the first time .
The mayhem in the forest of Kromy is a natural sequel .
A Sonata For Violin And Piano , called `` Bella Bella '' , by Robert Fleming , was given its first United States performance .
He saw the most action , beat up more badmen with his bare fists , broke up the most gangs and sent more murderers to the gallows than any other U.S. marshal who lived before or after him .
Perhaps they would argue that morality consisted just of that ability to see a choice .
The twenty-five-year-old recording offers rather faded string tone , but the balance between the instruments is good and the transfer is very quiet .
The anode ablation could be reduced to a negligible amount .
We were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to ignite another war among the world's giants .
or Rosburg , whose accurate short game and supersensitive putter can overcome so many of Augusta's treacheries ; ;
`` And now '' , said Tilghman with deadly calm , `` I'll repeat what I said .
It is but justice to Mr. Steele for us to add that , in the above remarks , nothing is intended to his disparagement , either as a lawyer or as a printer .
He leafed through the light reading provided by Mrs. Kirby for her guests : four separate adventures of the Bobbsey Twins ( At the Seashore , At the Mountains , On the Farm , and In Danger ) and several agricultural bulletins on the treatment of hoof-and-mouth disease in cattle , hideously illustrated .
The time required for the system to reach a level position is approximately inversely proportional to the servo loop gain .
A 24-year-old Atlanta man was arrested Sunday after breaking into the home of relatives in search of his wife , hitting his uncle with a rock and assaulting two police officers who tried to subdue him , police said .
`` Customer '' ? ?
It is an experience of a new depth of community derived from an awareness of the corporate indwelling of Christ in His people .
His handwriting was on a rock .
Their world , again , was a still simple , traditional age which was only slowly beginning to appreciate the complexity of life .
Eileen declared she couldn't lift her head from the pillow .
His voice was chilling and cold .
Not having said `` hell '' before , he stumbled a bit before gathering momentum .
As such , one cannot fully understand the thought of the pre-Han and Han periods without knowing the meanings inherent in the Lo Shu ; ;
It works with English , Russian , German , Hungarian or almost any other foreign tongue .
Four washing test procedures are established , varying in severity from very severe to very mild , and are intended to cover the range of practical washing from commercial procedure to hand washing .
On February 16 , Steele took his seat in Parliament .
First was a 1958 cut of more than 50% on that portion of the load in excess of 40,000 lb ; ;
My batting average ''
the old couples .
`` You what '' ? ?
-- For a second month in a row , Multnomah County may be short of general assistance money in its budget to handle an unusually high summer month's need , the state public welfare commission was told Friday .
Use the air hose for this job .
The white-clad trees stood like specters in the February night .
Oxidation pond
What social , ethical and theological insights can the church and university help him bring to bear upon his situation ? ?
They practiced movement behind a smoke screen laid by smoke grenades ; ;
)
Katherine Douglas King '' The invitation was accepted and other letters followed , in which she spoke of her concern for his health and her delight in seeing him so much at home among the crippled children she served .
With these factors included , an upper limit is placed on the allowable loop gain by stability considerations .
Shaffner looked at him , altogether without guile , and shrugged his shoulders , making a little spreading gesture with his two hands .
Five of the papers deal with grammatical problems .
The terminology of the range , in speakin' of `` dry stock '' and `` wet stock '' , was confusin' to the tenderfoot .
The dogs were tired .
I could see them in my sights .
But since 1927 , researchers digging into ancient court records and legal files have been able to find illuminating pieces of information .
The function f{t} defined in this way is multi-valued .
From the back of the barn it was a simple matter to reach Black's house without using the street .
If this practice should take root and spread , the man who submits a manuscript to a publisher will find himself reviewed before he is accepted and publication will become a sort of post-mortem formality .
Perhaps it was right ; ;
the calf was magnificent , the ankle perfect .
Obviously , it would be impossible to determine where every vehicle might be on the 31st day of December .
He may find even moderate physical exertion uncomfortable , because excess body fat hampers his breathing and restricts his muscular movement .
Andrea Palladio , an Italian architect of the sixteenth century , modeled his designs on its Doric and Ionic columns .
Occasionally , Seigner draws some justly deserved laughs by his quick shifts from one personality to another .
The transition from segregation to finances might already be in progress , in the form of an administration proposal to hike the state sales tax from 2 per cent to 3 per cent .
In fact , nobody saw us , cop or citizen .
Corporations are apt by nature to be impersonal , inhumane , shortsighted and almost exclusively profit-motivated , a picture they could scarcely afford to present to the public .
Once he disposed of these items which screamed so harshly for attention , he could undertake the things which really counted .
If we go into this Common Market , we might just as well stop talking about Constitutional guarantees , Connally Amendments or , for that matter , conservatism in general .
I looked back at pale ovals framed in the elongated oval of the car's rear window .
Ezra Stiles Gannett , an honorable representative of the sanhedrin , addressed himself frankly to the issue in 1845 , insisting that Parker should not be persecuted or calumniated and that in this republic no power to restrain him by force could exist .
De La Laude , commander of the Alabama post , had the friendship of the natives , and was able to make them look upon the British as poor competitors .
The 1958 military pay act departed from this established formula by providing for a 6% increase rather than a proportionate increase for everyone retired prior to its effective date of June 1 , 1958 .
Later research has shown this part of the legend of the Re Galantuomo to be false .
A year later they were 4-13 .
Richard thought it a more promising remark than any made during the last conversation , but Charlotte's manner during the gatherings was more flippant and superficial than when she was alone with him and he was sure her remark would lead to nothing much better than the pointless words which had preceded it .
`` There may not be any women left '' , I said .
Place mold or paper pattern on rolled clay and cut clay by holding knife in vertical position ( cut more pieces than required for project to make allowance for defects ; ;
each is so typical that it represents a prominent trend in the poet's development .
The old man beckoned with one finger and Clayton went forward to him .
Square corner- and gate posts were an open-work pattern of cast-iron foliage ; ;
If you use one of the new year-round cooling system fluids such as `` Dowguard '' be sure to check it .
How else can one explain , for example , allowing the survival of the right to amortize bond discount and premium ( section 381(c)(9) ) , but not the right to amortize bond issue expenses ; ;
And the emphasis on nationalism in America is in proportion to the growth of American influence across the world .
Friend or enemy ? ?
Dominant stress on pretty would be almost insulting here .
Outside it was already hot at 7:30 A.M. , and it was getting hot in the kitchen .
the most common type of letter was that of soldier husbands to their wives .
A primary function is the operation of a Government Bid Center , which receives bids daily from the Federal Government's principal purchasing agencies .
But the girl said only , `` Tell him I am here , that I have come '' .
What we can attempt with some hope of dependable conclusions is to point out the manner in which Christianity entered into particular aspects of the life of the nation .
for what had happened on the common was only terror and flight ; ;
Early the next morning , a Mexican telephoned Pels that Celso Chavez , one of the posse members , was surrounded by ten Mexicans at his father's home on the upper Vermejo .
By our policy the West was -- is -- split .
Experts point to the thinning of pitching talent in the American League caused by expansion .
All operations now carried on at our plant at Cranston will be transferred to Warwick .
Everything was in an exciting turmoil -- full of anticipation and fun .
`` I Saw Stars '' , `` Lover Man '' , `` Menilmontant '' and `` Swing 42 '' .
This is a varmint load , pure and simple ; ;
We need a doctrine of imitation to save us from the solipsism and futility of pure formalism .
St. John 24 .
I said quietly , respectfully , `` What did she do here ? ?
The selective and directional qualities of basic value-orientations are clearly evident in these data : the `` success-oriented '' students choose vocational preparation , the `` other-directed '' choose goals of social adjustment ( `` getting along with people '' ) , the `` intellectuals '' choose a liberal arts emphasis .
Now , a close look at the schools in and around the ten largest cities , including New York , has shattered this optimism .
As a possible course of action , it also is the center of debate and is raising many questions .
Wine stored for a long time should be on its side ; ;
And so they went , he choosing of all places an inn near Medmenham Abbey , scene a generation ago of the obscene orgies of the Hellfire Club .
She went into the living room and turned on three lamps , then back into the kitchen where she turned on the ceiling light and the switch that lit the floods on the barn , illuminating the driveway .
Eliminating the patter and the upbeat numbers left little but blues and other songs of equal melancholy .
These two , Heritage and Drexel , chose too not to produce the exactly matching design for every piece , but a collection of correlated designs , each of which could stand alone .
that the amplitude of the variation was considerably less than the amplitude of the variation in the infrared emission as measured by Pettit and Nicholson ( 1930 ) and Pettit ( 1935 ) ; ;
More than 1,000 were said to have been arrested -- 100 of them Roman Catholic priests .
The corridor on the eleventh floor was dimly lighted by electric globes at intervals of thirty feet .
There was much embracing , much exclaiming .
Shouldering the load he peered from the door .
The mapping of important physical features such as slopes and types of soil and the collection of all available information pertaining to public utility service areas are being conducted as staff projects and , like the other two inventory projects , are scheduled for completion July 1 , 1961 .
`` How do the valley people feel '' ? ?
Stevie whistled when he passed these alien grounds .
Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company .
frontiers .
The text of the book leaves a somewhat milder impression than the prepublication excerpt .
As I was playing Mother Cabrini , the picture was actually `` all mine '' , with nearly every scene built around me .
He knew who was riding after him -- the men he had known all his life , the men who had worked for him , sworn their loyalty to him .
The big , 22-year-old shortstop , the 1960 American league `` rookie-of-the-year '' , flew here late this afternoon from Baltimore , signed his contract for an estimated $15,000 and was a spectator at tonight's 5-to-3 loss to Kansas City -- the winless Birds' sixth setback in a row .
Trader Jet ( Florican-My Precious ) 2:37 ; ;
But He set a bound to his ( state of ) sin , by interposing death , and thus causing sin to cease , putting an end to it by the dissolution of the flesh , which should take place in the earth , so that man , ceasing at length to live in sin , and dying to it , might live to God '' .
Up until recently , this heat pump method of warming air was efficient only in areas of mild winters and when outside temperatures were above 40 degrees .
Vince .
His blue eyes sought the shimmering sea of haze ahead .
`` Yes , I'll get one overnight a month '' .
The `` places '' could be anywhere , the idiosyncrasies and foibles observed there could be anybody's , and the laugh is on us all .
An analysis of the fiscal tax collection year calendars throughout the state indicates that transition may not be as painful as is commonly thought .
Cotton Belt Gin Service , Inc. of Dallas makes gin saws and started here 14 years ago .
The pain in itself was neutral ; ;
The statement was also made that undoubtedly the railroad had received some compensating benefit from the telegraphers , but that it was difficult to imagine what could balance a job for life .
The great column from which the square takes its name was erected by the Emperor Marcus Aurelius .
Statistically this has represented a loss to the nation , although one must admit that in an individual case the decision in retrospect may have been a wise one .
For three days , their stolid oxen had plodded up a blazing valley as flat and featureless as a dead sea .
It is an averaging device intended to ease the tax burden of fluctuating income ; ;
The `` dot '' on his arrow indicates early Onset and the `` tip '' indicates relatively later Completion .
When enough time had elapsed so that there was little likelihood of his returning for something he had forgotten , Harold went out into the hall and stood looking into one room after another .
The funeral for my husband was just what I wanted and I paid a fair price , far less than I had expected to pay .
Yet even in the more extreme of such cases we seldom go very far astray in guessing what his age actually is .
The counters rode through the pasture countin' each bunch of grazin' cattle , and drifted it back so that it didn't get mixed with the uncounted cattle ahead .
Your suggested solution , it seems to me , is grossly oversimplified and is inconsistent with your generally realistic attitude toward , and endorsement of , sound planning .
He remembered the first time he saw her , standing across the room at a party .
It happens in the territory of the Leopoldville government , which is itself a fiction , demonstrably incapable of governing , and commanding only such limited credit abroad as UN support gives it .
And at his last commencement , in that year , Dr. Tucker and Dartmouth were honored by the presence of distinguished academic visitors attesting to the new stature of the college .
and with the availability of bombs of that size , war became a new problem .
Yet a crowd came out to see some fresh kids from the city try to match the boys from the neighboring farms ; ;
It had sounded good to Andrei , but he did not believe it .
`` Grubb '' , Felix whispered .
Orthodontic work is possible because teeth are held firmly but not rigidly , by a system of peridontal membrane with an involved nerve network , to the bone in the jaw ; ;
He turned unsmilingly to Rachel .
The Barker index is published for the Barker Index Committee by W. Heffer & Sons , Ltd. , 4 Petty Cury , Cambridge , England .
-- Beckworth .
After figuring out how to regulate the barrels so that they shot to the same point of impact , we fired this little 20-inch-barrel job on my home range and in Marlin's underground test gallery .
May we state with confidence that in such an exhibition a republic will find its greatest security ? ?
Now Dylan Thomas and Charlie Parker have a great deal more in common than the same disastrous end .
The gun followed her .
This dirty coward just admitted killing Arbuckle .
They looked as if they had been fed on vinegar and shavings .
But automation and the increasing complexity of factories has renewed the competition for jobs .
This conclusion is , however , an over-simplification .
In time she presents her aristocratic husband with a coal-black child .
Further , and as an evidence of legislative intent only , the Senate of the United States recently defeated by a substantial majority the `` Holland Amendment '' to the Fair Labor Standards Act , which would have specifically limited the regulatory authority of the Secretary in these matters .
But now I think I hate it very much '' .
However , readers who accept Freud's findings and believe that he has solved completely the mystery of dreams , should ponder over the following words in his Interpretation Of Dreams , Chapter 1 : :
Ten days after the questionnaires were mailed , follow-up airmail postcards were sent urging those companies which had not yet returned their questionnaires to do so at once .
He snuggled into the blanket .
`` Diets can be terrible '' , the girl said .
Some churches require more .
He never in his life took a hand to a woman or ''
Congresswoman Church
The cell Af becomes the second information cell in the chain and is assigned as the information cell of Af .
There were no less than six or seven saloons in Ganado , not counting the lower class dives , all vying for the trade of celebrating miners and teamsters .
First , there were those Congolese ( among them Joseph Kasavubu ) who favored splitting the country into small independent states , Balkanizing it .
As I got off the trolley at Kehl bridge the next morning , I was met by what looked like 5,000 students , some of whom were carrying sticks apparently for the coming `` battle '' with the police .
`` What kind of models would you prefer '' ? ?
Under the excitement of caresses and sexual stimulation the vagina relaxes and dilates and the local moisture greatly increases , providing an excellent lubricant to help achieve an easier penetration .
I will send you the best the quarter has to offer '' .
The bands were impatient , but they were the only ones .
Another memo for sightseers : bring your camera along to museums .
`` Hold your fire '' , Montero was shouting .
Field shifts were derived from the mean value of the resonance line , defined as the field about which the first moment is zero .
East Providence should organize its civil defense setup and begin by appointing a full-time director , Raymond H. Hawksley , the present city CD head , believes .
The Secretary of State himself , in his first speech , gave some idea of the tremendous march of events inside and outside the United States that has preoccupied the new administration in the past four months .
Specific requirements for each of various types of enterprises are discussed on pages 8 to 14 .
Billy decided to set an example by arresting one of the ranchers , named Ed Dunn , who lived at Rock Fort .
Liberals and conservatives in both parties -- Democratic and Republican -- should divorce themselves and form two independent parties , George H. Reama , nationally known labor-management expert , said here yesterday .
The Broncs did hit two quick strikes in the final period against the Texans , but Dallas had enough of a lead to hold them off .
Then I cover the sowing with a board .
When drilling all the way through a workpiece , always place a piece of scrap wood underneath .
Something had to be done ; ;
He concluded that selective service would not only prevent the disorganization of essential war industries but would avoid the undesirable moral effects of the British reliance on enlistment only -- `` where the feeling of the people was whipped into a frenzy by girls pinning white feathers on reluctant young men , orators preaching hate of the Germans , and newspapers exaggerating enemy outrages to make men enlist out of motives of revenge and retaliation '' .
True terminal bronchioles comprise the most frequent form taken by the distal airways in types 1 and 3 , although small numbers of poorly developed respiratory bronchioles are present .
Six climactic minutes in an individual's life left no memory .
The clerk impressed this upon me : that I should not arrive in the hall before ten o'clock .
However , she was able to relax and yield to the moment .
Alex returned to the hotel , rather weary and with no new prospects of a role , in the late afternoon , but found the doctor in an ebullient mood .
There was one sterile period : only one poem is dated between 1872 and 1882 and , except for the poems written on the trip to Italy in 1887 , very few from 1882 to 1890 .
So the audience last night was all ears and eyes just after Act 2 , got a rousing opening chorus , `` Where's Charley ? ?
For a single stage we may define Af where the maximization is by choice of Af .
Blowing can be either one of two types -- carbon dioxide gas generated by the reaction of water on the polyisocyanate or mechanical blowing through the use of a low-boiling liquid such as a fluorinated hydrocarbon .
Thus , the masculine animate infinitive dabhumaksanigalu'ahai , meaning to live , was , in the perfect tense , ksu'u'peli'afo , and , in the future , mai'teipa .
now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Thursday , November 23rd , 1961 , as Thanksgiving Day ,
( 2 ) nature of the sample .
My reply is that I associate myself with all those who affirm that Gentile-Jewish relations should contribute to the theory and practice of human dignity .
It is extraordinary that a people as proud and warlike as Southerners should have been as docile as they have .
We pointed out that emotional excitement may lead to psychosomatic disorders and neurotic symptoms , particularly in certain types of personality , but it is also known that the reliving of a strong emotion ( `` abreaction '' ) may cure a battle neurosis .
He doesn't want her to look frowningly at him , or speak to him angrily .
How unpartisan will be the recommendations of Lt. Gov. Garland Byrd's Senate Committee on Government Operations ? ?
Two men , together like us , we could do somethin fine out there , maybe find a place where no one's ever been .
The nightmare of a clash between those in trouble in Africa , exacerbated by the difficulties , changes , and tragedies facing them , and other allies who intellectually and emotionally disapprove of the circumstances that have brought these troubles about , has been conspicuous by its absence .
But he was homesick '' .
It is of the utmost importance to the people of America and of the world how their governing President `` ends up '' during the four years of his term .
Medical and health
By 1937 he had clarified his intentions to serve his people : `` I have striven for clarity and melodious idiom , but at the same time I have by no means attempted to restrict myself to the accepted methods of harmony and melody .
He tried the doors of the bookcase .
He recognized the gesture .
Therefore , give Him your affection and store up His love for you .
she died on August sixth .
The blue-draped Virgin was still there , but no one knelt before her now .
We would lose our export markets and deny ourselves the imports we need .
But it would not come .
Mr. White , who is only a competent novelist , is a brilliant reporter .
He went on to use objects -- hoops , poles , capes -- which he employed as extensions of the body of the dancer , who moved with them .
Of more importance to the West than Poland's boundaries was the character of her government .
Mr. and Mrs. Piero De Luise will honor Italian Consul and Mrs. Emilio Bassi at a cocktail party Tuesday , May 2 , from 6 to 8 p.m. in their home .
And you wanted no part of me when I had so much to give .
But there wasn't no use in me staying there .
This understanding , of course , may in its turn take many forms and some of these -- especially those most interesting to the student of comparative literature -- are essentially historical .
The 53-year-old Shea , a prominent corporation lawyer with a sports background , is generally recognized as the man most responsible for the imminent return of a National League club to New York .
The boats of America's trailer sailors in 1961 will be coddled on clouds as they are hauled to new horizons .
The negatively charged dirt particles then leave the surface and go into the aqueous phase .
They were going to follow it for part of their journey .
As he relaxed that day , Martin realized how tense he had been these past weeks .
The latter is useful for modifying information about some or all forms of a word , hence reducing the work required to improve dictionary contents .
Futhermore , the station which wants real prestige must lead or participate in community improvement projects , not simply serve on the air .
Alexandre Livshitz repeated a fantastic technical bit from the closing number , `` Taras Bulba '' , but even then there was a substantial number of diehards who seemed determined not to go home at all .
Most beakers are graduated in cubic centimeters ( cc. ) , making it necessary to convert the result to cubic inches .
You know the law : if you lose the debate after accepting a challenge , you will be banished '' ! !
This also gave them the unpleasant duty of being spokesmen for the mission , and they could foresee that that would not be easy .
Those would be reserved for the orchestra's great nights when the soloist can surpass himself .
Working for peace
Being placed in the hopples she was completely baffled .
A good deal of English was spoken on the beach , most educated Greeks learn it in childhood , and there were also American wives and children of our overseas servicemen .
I stopped the tractor and climbed down and the boy came eagerly up to me .
at the sun and the heat of Mediterranean lands , always much brighter and hotter to an Englishman than to an American used to summers in New York or Kansas City ; ;
they destroy such men with their damned tests .
Then she jumped to her feet , the elastic phone cord uncoiling like a black snake .
She too began to weep .
Those persons who were lucky enough to see and hear the performance of his work at the Brest-Silevniov Festival in August , 1916 , will certainly welcome his return to public notice ; ;
He could not break in on an armed man .
C'mon -- 'mon ! !
So impressive were those serious years of study at the university that Hans later wrote , `` to be perfectly free , the young man must revel in the great kingdom of thought and imagination ; ;
Some plant-location specialists take these signs to mean St. Louis county doesn't want industry , and so they avoid the area , and more jobs are lost .
Other similar affirmations in the Declaration on Liberated Europe seemed to assure democratic institutions on the Western model .
There are times when one suspects that the songs that are dropped from musical shows before they reach Broadway may really be better than many of those that are left in .
I don't know where Ma went .
Musmanno bellowed to his Italian crewmen .
Practically everybody in Berlin has relatives and friends that live in the opposite part of the city .
Or should we argue that if we want adjustment of children to children of different races and that that is impossible in an all-something-or-the-other school , we must at least provide him some opportunity to adjust to people of another race within the school -- namely , to a teacher of another race .
Styles run the gamut from slender and tapered with elongated toes to a newer squared toe shape .
To old-line Democrats , the Hearst Presidential boom , now in full cry , was the joke of the new century .
So she couldn't choose Rev as a confidant ; ;
The wages involved were larger and more regular .
Ekstrohm picked up a lightweight no-back from the ship's library , a book by Bloch , the famous twentieth century expert on sex .
She's got guts , thought Keith .
John said : `` I have some antiseptic salve with me , but it's too late for that '' .
Barnett is not expected to be able to withstand the pressure .
Long before 1815 the Christian conscience was leading some to declare slavery wrong and to act accordingly .
His peculiar gift , as had been suggested before , is his intensity .
Marvelous , thought Theresa , climbing in her portly , well-bred way , for she was someone who had learned that if you only move slowly enough you have time to notice everything .
When an occurrence Af is isolated during text reading , a random memory address Af , the address of a cell in the X-region , is computed from the form of Af .
Miss Langford , in a fresh white dress and low-heeled white sandals , without socks , was out there with them , trying to get them inside .
Oils , or liquid fats , from the seeds of flax and tung have long been the principal constituents of paints and varnishes for protecting and beautifying the surfaces of wood and metal .
If you draw the short straw I'll lend you some bread , like fifty bucks , before I take off to visit my sister in Frisco .
`` I can't leave him there .
If both George and a piece of information George does not have are prominent in the context , but the idea of telling George is new , then dominant stress will probably be on tell in why not tell George ? ?
He suspected something underhanded and furtive about him .
When the boat had touched , the weaker ones and the two wounded men had been lifted out and carried away by the soldiers .
The horses seemed to know these by instinct , he used to say : such places invariably had stables with superior feed bins .
his tragedy seems unworthy and trivial .
The truth is , however , that when Mel Chandler first reported to the regiment the only steed he had ever ridden was a swivel chair and the only weapon he had ever wielded was a pencil .
Let every policeman and park guard keep his eye on John and Jane Doe , lest one piece of bread be placed undetected and one bird survive .
As a result , she consulted medical authorities and learned that the devices her quack `` doctor '' was using were phony .
Office workers frequently go out there to lunch and swim during the siesta period , which , during the summer , lasts from two until five in the afternoon , when shops and offices are again open for business .
`` Haven't the faintest , Captain '' .
And now Lucille Warren had gotten a look at him .
They are very small , and in the form of haystacks , without either chimney or windows .
Progress will take place far less through what is done in any `` summit conference '' of the National Council or the World Council , or even in offices of the denominational boards , than through what happens in the communities where Christian people live together as neighbors .
In news broadcasts I consistently hear the foreign volunteers fighting in the Katanga Army referred to as mercenaries .
Owen went over to the crap table and the dice were hot , but he couldn't pyramid with any consecutive success .
Some plants go overboard on one type of fringe -- say a liberal retirement plan -- and find themselves vulnerable elsewhere .
The Irish accent is , as one would expect , combined with slight inflections from the French .
Sir -- When the colonies decided upon freedom from England , we insisted , through the Declaration of Independence , that the nations of the world recognize us as a separate political entity .
and philosophy as a guide to possible integration of supposedly disparate sociological investigations .
Nourishing meals
The red-haired captain , towering above the prisoner as a symbol of decency and authority , was shocked to find himself looking with sympathy upon Philip Spencer .
The outboard engine of today has a phenomenal range of one to 80 horsepower , unheard of a few years ago for a two cycle engine in quantity production .
Pops was taking long ones , but not showing the effect yet .
`` He has the distributorship for Florida , you say '' ? ?
The farm value of seeds produced in this country for all purposes , including the cereals , is nearly 10 billion dollars a year .
Twice a month the editorial staff meets in New York for an early supper , then a long evening of idea-exchange .
Vesole rushed from gun to gun , attempting to direct fire .
But put them before a situation which they are forced to depict '' , -- he was speaking of the Spanish civil war , -- `` and they have no hesitation ; ;
The one- or two-season hunt , of which there have been too many recently , may do more harm than good ; ;
The second situation is illustrated by the operator T on Af ( F any field ) represented in the standard basis by Af .
But still Mel Chandler was not completely convinced that men would really die for a four-syllable word , `` Garryowen '' .
Largely due to their efforts the catastrophic invasion-theory has maintained its position although Seebohm has always found supporters .
But it can no longer be so once Benjamin Franklin ( the incarnation of the new rational man ) has flown a kite to it .
Singing On The Mountain in Linville , North Carolina , on June 25 .
It came again and again .
among them , she had to prepare the guest room .
Everybody fell in love with Amy again last night at the Warwick Musical Theater , and Shelley Berman was to blame .
`` Get the hell out '' .
I think that we are here also talking of the kind of fear that a young boy has for a group of boys who are approaching at night along the streets of a large city .
Sections were then washed with PBS for 15 - 30 minutes .
and ( 5 )
Robinson clambered heavily into the boat , sat down , and stripped off his triple-tank assembly .
Susan Dolan , that's me .
He claimed that the release of the preliminary findings was ' prejudicial to his position ' '' .
E .
The assignment and use of vehicles after purchase is another matter to be covered in detail later .
`` Please pardon me again , Sandalphon '' , said Hal .
He may be the only song writer ever to have collaborated with a secretary of the U. S. Treasury ; ;
I , who until that day before had been Mrs. Salter's friend , her equal , was the servant now .
They were inadequately financed , without experienced leadership , and lacked the general support of organized labor as a whole .
First : what title , what setup ? ?
Residential building consists of houses , apartments , hotels , dormitories and other buildings designed for shelter .
It is as follows : `` The usual sensitivity tests showed that the specific qualities of skin-perceptiveness ( pressure , pain , temperature ) , as well as the kinesthetic sensations ( muscular feelings , feelings in the tendons and joints ) , were , as such , essentially intact , although they seemed , in comparison with normal reactions , to be somewhat diminished over the entire body .
`` Please come down as soon as you conveniently can '' , the upright letters stalked from the broad-nibbed pen , `` I have an important matter to discuss with you '' .
I put in new batteries so as to be certain I'd have plenty of power and on my way out walked over to the regular parking stalls and stood looking at them thoughtfully .
That is the contamination we most fear .
Your self-control in this respect will be the only witness to your understanding of what I am saying .
She stammered , `` You heard what he said about police ? ?
The index is essentially a new treatment of previously compiled morphological data .
How much head start ? ?
He came to the edge of the veranda , peered down at them with his hand on his gun .
If he attaches little importance to personal liberty , why not make this known to the world ? ?
We shall return to these statements and deal with them more fully as the evidence for them accumulates .
Recognizing the truth of the statement by the Institute of Public Administration that `` Metropolian Planning ( in Rhode Island ) means , or should mean , state planning '' , the state guide plan will take into account the metropolitan nature of many of Rhode Island's problems .
Merton's functional sociology may have great practical use in the study of different cultures , yet it is perfectly clear , as Nagel ( 1957 : :
When , as a diplomatic gesture of amity and in payment for the loan of gunmen in the April election , Torrio had given O'Banion a slice of Cicero , the profits from that district had been $20,000 a month .
The answer to this diathesis is to pick up a telephone and arrange to rent one .
The men in power are committed in principle to modernization , but economic and social changes are proceeding only erratically .
He stood very still , his heart thumping wildly .
It is possible , although highly doubtful , that he killed none at all but merely let his reputation work for him by privately claiming every unsolved murder in the state .
But now that all production builders build with drywall and all smart builders build with panels , green lumber is an anachronism you cannot afford .
He found a match in his pocket and lit it .
Fosdick , a brother of minister Harry Emerson Fosdick , was a graduate of Princeton , and a member of Phi Beta Kappa and the American Philosophical Association .
Mr. Crumb would probably see him at Lodge Meeting the next night .
Ask Tony was doomed from the moment Kupcinet leveled on it in his Sun-Times column .
Thompson , of course , was persuaded not to take the `` terrible step '' ; ;
Let us have more benches and fewer forbidden areas around fountains and gardens .
The President , in a special message to Congress , tied in with his aged care plan requests for large federal grants to finance medical and dental scholarships , build 20 new medical and 20 new dental schools , and expand child health care and general medical research .
`` Don't be smart .
the pope was playing a dangerous game , with so many balls in the air at once that a misstep would bring them all about his ears , and his only hope was to temporize so that he could take advantage of every change in the delicate balance of European affairs .
There was one fact which Rector could not overlook , one truth which he could not deny .
they are self-correcting in the sense that they are subject to disciplined procedures that check and recheck against error .
The figures on the worksheet paper in front of her were jumping and waving around so badly it was all she could do to make them out clearly enough to copy them with the typewriter .
At the head of the CDC is an unorthodox , 39-year-old amateur politico , Thomas B. Carvey Jr. , whose normal profession is helping develop Hughes Aircraft's moon missiles .
Shayne locked his big hands around Harris' thin neck and dragged him out over the seat into the roadway .
A large , well-stocked library , surrounded in a county by smaller ones , may feel that the demands on its resources are likely to be too great .
they universalize in terms of weather , skies , earth , and people .
But my people -- Martians , I mean ; ;
As retinal images are conceded to be an integral function of the brain it seems logical to suppose that the nerves , between the inner brain and the eyes , carry the direct drive for cooperation from the various brain centers -- rather than to theorize on the transmission of an image which is already in required location .
This selection-rejection process takes place as the file is read .
What happened with you '' ? ?
About 1500 delegates are expected to register today for the biennial session of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite for the Southern Jurisdiction of the United States .
Kearton and Ulyate looked at each other and began to gallop toward the sound .
Each year a few more institutions are deciding such questions as : Shall we require a liberal education built around a humanities core for all undergraduates ? ?
Since practical washing procedures are both lengthy and expensive , a number of laboratory tests have been developed for the numerical evaluation of detergents .
-- Washington County's 36th annual fair will close Saturday evening with 4-H and FFA awards program at 7 , public dance at 8 and variety show at 8:30 .
The content is not the same , however : rather than individual security , it is the security and continuing existence of an `` ideological group '' -- those in the `` free world '' -- that is basic .
Institutions require structure , form , and definition , and these in turn entail differentiation and exclusion .
He also demanded that Kennedy take additional measures to increase international tension : specifically to crush the Cuban revolution , resume nuclear testing , resist more vigorously admission of China to its lawful seat in the United Nations , and postpone non-military programs at home '' .
To hell with John .
It is into this household , one eroded by irritations that have tortured the souls out of its people , that George Dillon enters at the beginning of the play .
Burnham , in his excellent article ( 1955 ) concerning schizophrenic communication , includes mention of similar clinical material .
If there is nothing evil in these things , if they get their moral complexion only from our feeling about them , why shouldn't they be greeted with a cheer ? ?
In this manner , he seeks to expunge from his own soul the guilt pangs caused by his personal assaults against the English at Dunkirk .
The crystallographic data given include interaxial angles and unit cell dimensions ; ;
In London Lewis took the usual suite in Bury Street .
The second step in processing was to compare the responses from companies on the AIA list with those from companies on the TR list in order to determine whether it would be appropriate to merge the responses for the purposes of the study .
If we are born of God we love the brethren .
Standing before the tomb of Raphael , the great genius of the Renaissance , when shafts of sunlight are penetrating this great Roman temple , you are once again reminded of the varied civilizations so characteristic of Rome .
Throughout these exciting years I have been fortunate for , although I have never offered great financial inducements , talent has found its way to me : William Boal who so ably organizes business operations ; ;
Religion thus becomes integrated with life .
`` We would see it that way , but it was glorious then .
It was a box .
It's only his opinion .
It is she who says aye or nay to the intimate questions of sexual technique and mechanics -- not the husband .
Especially in the way Gladdy had turned out .
Phil Gomez , clarinet ; ;
When the Brown & Sharpe Manufacturing Company reached its 125th year as a going industrial concern during 1958 , it became an almost unique institution in the mechanical world .
A man in a novel who is defeated in his childhood and condemned by unconscious forces within him to tiredly repeat his earliest failure in love , only makes us a little weary of man ; ;
He had also learned to dispute extempore remarkably well , the main evidence for which of course is the presence of his name in the honors list of 1628/29 .
Bumblebees can thus suffer severely from the onslaughts of Psithyrus , the `` cuckoo-bumblebee '' as it is called in some European countries .
She approached the problem by investigating the methods of sound reproduction through the centuries , human and instrumental .
He has the temperament and the stage presence for a rousing villain and he sang with character and strong tone .
and in her forthright way , Henrietta , who in her story of Sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest exception -- he objected to her stand on the Corbin affair , as well as on the radical reforms of Dr. Wise of Hebrew Union College -- until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything .
The graph of f has at least one component whose support is the entire interval Aj .
He was Canute controlling the waves .
These differences , in turn , derive from prior differences concerning the friendly or hostile character of change .
Despite their efforts , the problems seemed to grow graver all the time .
`` Well , really there is none at all .
Defining sobriety in the limited sense of being free from the clinical symptoms of the effects of alcohol ingested and not yet eliminated from the system , you are sober .
Incidentally , only two did it before a home audience .
It is the concern of the Department of State that the American people are safe and secure -- defense is not a monopoly concern of the Department of Defense .
`` We made it , Cappy '' , the chick said .
We followed him up the stairs .
it was a big one '' .
I had studied with Burns ten years before , during the scholarship year the Manhattan gave me , along with the five-hundred-dollar prize for my paintings of bums on Hudson Street .
At General Power's seat in the balcony there is also a gold phone .
Her name was L'Turu and she told me many things .
He invited Mr. Case to stop by to say hello if he ever visited the academy and then added that he was on the managerial staff of the freshman football team
Our lifeboat was filling rapidly and despite what I had heard of the inhabitants of Eromonga , I was glad to see a long and graceful outrigger manned by three bronzed girls glide out of a lagoon into the open sea and toward our craft .
A summary of meteorite data , prepared by Whipple ( 1958 ) on the basis of photographic , visual , and radar evidence , is given in Table 5-1 .
I took a deep breath , and the plunge .
And the Jerebohms are more than willing to buy it .
That imposing , somewhat austere , and seemingly remote collonaded building with the sphynxes perched on its threshold at 1733 16th St. nw. took on bustling life yesterday .
The presiding female functionary , of massive proportions and forbidding appearance , initially did not contribute to the expressions of friendship and welcome by a number of dignified gentlemen representing the arts .
It is an answer in its way , individual and highly dramatic , to the charge that the democratic process is necessarily vicious in its campaign characteristics .
Yes , I had cried out that I knew she'd do it , but without my fully realizing it at the time , it was a cry of triumph for her , praise at her deliverance from pettiness and greed -- and guilt .
`` A lousy job ''
-- A Southeast Library Workshop will be held here Oct. 9 , conducted by Mrs. Gretchen Schenk of Summerdale , Ala. , author , lecturer and library leader .
The thing about Eugene is that he's very proud '' .
He climbed down , went back into the tunnel and tossed the razor into the pit .
Walitzee was among them , and Sarpsis , and they wore red blankets which flew like broad wings in the air of their passing .
I tested it in my scoped S & W and it was good enough to allow me to hit a chuck with every shot at 100 yards if I did my part by holding the handgun steadily .
`` They took it away , overalls or something '' .
That Prokofieff's harmonies and forms sometimes seem professionally routine to our ears , may or may not indicate that he was less of an `` original '' than we prefer to believe .
indeed , it was probably to Mr. Morse's advantage to have Mr. and Mrs. Borden alive .
He crossed himself again and rose .
`` Stop that ! !
Of the 375 exhibits ( of all types ) shown , 161 were new or refurbished .
Serve the chili and kraut hot with the franks .
In addition to the heart and aorta , successful measurements of liver and spleen have also been made by this technique .
In 1899 , Parliament erected a statue to Cromwell in Westminster , facing Whitehall and there , presumably , he still stands .
How quaint it all seemed the next day .
It is also possible , but equally doubtful , that he actually shot down the hundreds of men with which his legend credits him .
But I have been at some pains to review it as the drama of the common man , to point up what happened to him under Eisenhower's leadership .
He asks .
Folding between his hands the cross that hung from his neck , he took his appeal direct to Headquarters .
Scholarship applicant ? ?
If you use parking attendants , can they be replaced by automatic parking gates ? ?
Now , let's go '' .
The thousands of city migrants who desert the farms yearly must readjust with even greater stress and tension : the sacred wilderness is gradually surrendering to suburbs and research parks and industrial areas .
He was closer to understanding it in English now , although it could never have the inevitability of the Martian concept it stood for .
Intelligence jabbed at him accusingly .
Control of temperature and humidity is a godsend to the aged and the invalid .
About dawn he got up to blow .
Nowhere have I seen public expression of anti-Catholicism .
The reasons for this are partly observational , partly philosophical , and reinforced by other aesthetic and cultural factors .
With the end of the trial Diane disappeared from New York .
These were the last words he ever uttered .
It is not that I am unaware of the force of their strongest contention .
Chandler , looking to right and left to see how his men were faring , suddenly saw another figure bounding up the hill , hurling grenades and hollering the battle cry as he ran .
`` Something about the pollen '' .
Nick sensed it .
He had asked .
But on one occasion when I encountered a similar fantasy in a little boy who was my patient I began to understand the uncanny effects of this story .
Like a fair number of bootleggers he disliked alcohol .
He is not worth shucks .
I doubt if it is possible to overfeed them .
Determine each State's population .
Family survival on our own Western frontier , for example , could quite literally depend on a man's strength and ability to bring home the bacon ; ;
The marine shut his eyes .
A series of conferences with friends and bankers began about this time ; ;
The method of destroying the evidence embarrassed Paul Bang-Jensen .
When someone in the audience rose and asked how does it feel to be a celebrity , Carl said , `` A celebrity is a fellow who eats celery with celerity '' .
P.S. .
The dependable Wright engine was never stopped on these trips .
The deeper wonder is how this miracle was accomplished in decades , rather than in centuries and by immigrant minorities at that .
No one should wish to deny these purists the obvious pleasure they derive from all this , and to give fair warning where warning is due , no one who becomes fond of wines ever avoids acquiring some degree of purism ! !
( After graduation from the University of Chicago , Paula taught for two years in the normal school at Valley City , North Dakota , then two years at Princeton ( Illinois ) Township High School .
At Fort Garry some of the Swiss also decided to cast their lot with the United States , and in 1823 several families paid guides to take them to Fort Snelling .
The achievement of the desegregation of certain lunch counters not only by wise action by local community leaders but by voluntary action following consultation between Attorney General Rogers and the heads of certain national chain stores should , of course , be applauded .
Arthur Robinson traveled with the baseball clubs as staff correspondent for the American .
It was over an hour before their escape was discovered , but still the news that Barton was free flashed across the central portion of the state .
I take the central meaning here to be the contrast between the drab empty quality of life without literature and a life enriched by it .
A smile pulled at the lower strip of adhesive tape .
They returned to the street , mounted their horses , rode through the rain to the big house on Houston Street .
`` Keep out of this '' , Purvis snarled .
No Jew was on hand to boycott his financially struggling theater .
Some of the classic indicators , as described by Drs. Pittenger , Hockett , and Danehy in The First Five Minutes , are these : ambiguity of pronouns :
She came to New York from Detroit as a teenager , but with a `` sponsor '' instead of a chaperone .
The word was that this too was part of an economy move on his part .
after all , he had had the same set of facts as Jack had had to work from , and he was an almost frighteningly observant man .
We can escape from such a difficulty by ruling out the animal as not constituting a trial , but such a solution is not always satisfactory .
Mazeroski , whose homer beat the Yankees in the final series game , will receive the Babe Ruth Award as the outstanding player in the 1960 world series .
It was for this reason , and no other that I can see , that in September 1912 , Braque took the radical and revolutionary step of pasting actual pieces of imitation-woodgrain wallpaper to a drawing on paper , instead of trying to simulate its texture in paint .
For sprains and swellings , one pint of cider vinegar and half a pint of spirits of turpentine added to three well beaten eggs was said to give speedy relief .
The severe yet harmonious vases of the previous fifty years , the Strong Geometric style of the late ninth century , display as firm a mastery of the principles underlying Geometric pottery ; ;
Presentation of `` The Life And Times Of John Sloan '' in the Delaware Art Center here suggests a current nostalgia for human values in art .
The Junior Achievement program is designed to give teenagers practical experience in business by allowing them actually to form small companies , under the guidance and sponsorship of business firms .
Their characteristic experience is that of the individual at an altar or a shrine rather than that of a continuing social group with a distinctive kind of fellowship .
Annisberg was about seventy-five miles west of Birmingham , near the Georgia border and on the Tallahoosa River , a small and dirty stream .
It was a rugged finish for what must have been a very interesting night .
The size of Saud's family was still being debated when the King appeared for his first meeting with Eisenhower .
They criticized parents for never having emphasized traditional concepts of right and wrong ; ;
The doctor instantly asked .
And return to the United States she did , into waiting arms -- the unromantic ones of the New York District Attorney's office .
Draw each outline in a different-color chalk , one on top of the other .
When the frequency response characteristics of practical components are considered , their effect on stability does not present the most serious limit on the system loop gain .
He will be succeeded by Rob Ledford of Gainesville , who has been an assistant more than three years .
Paint continuous lane stripes and install overhead directional lights as on our bridges .
To him life was a restless boredom that began with the rising sun and ended only with sleep .
`` Do you think we need a new Henry James to re-explore the Anglo-American scene '' ? ?
The plane of the action in the scene is not parallel with the plane of the film in the camera or on the screen .
Miller ( '50 ) is the principal antagonist of this viewpoint .
The stranger really had nothing to do with it , of course
In the past such government claims have been found exaggerated .
When we separated that evening Pat pushed a hundred dollar bill into Eileen's hand to help towards a layette .
An isotropic resonance shift of Af to lower applied fields indicates a weak isotropic hyperfine contact interaction .
He is at his usual best in exposing the shams and self-deceptions of political and diplomatic life in the fifties .
`` You might treat it like the hiccups '' , said Papa .
Its power unit , however , was derived from the reactor of the more modern American nuclear submarine Skipjack .
Even with words coming too fast , they came on the music of the voice .
-- Two errors by New York Yankee shortstop Tony Kubek in the eleventh inning donated four unearned runs and a 5-to-2 victory to the Chicago White Sox today .
He arose slowly and brushed himself off .
The birds were really awake now in a colloquy of music , and light was beginning to creep across the room , touching sill and door , table and chair and all of Doaty's flowers in their artificial blossom and leaf .
Thus , the three main categories of antisubmarine warfare operations are defense of shipping , defense of naval forces , and area defense .
`` I have read an advance copy of the Snow book which is to be titled , ' Science And Government .
`` My father walked , through two miles of snow , in Illinois '' .
This is the key to the conquest of fear .
`` I'm Mrs. Gertrude Parker '' , a soft voice explained , `` And I'd like to talk to you for a few minutes , please '' .
`` I'll bet .
What does the camping couple do to this set of figures ? ?
It should be kept in mind that the ease or difficulty with which a town or city can convert to the proposed plan is directly dependent upon the financial condition of that town or city .
The Chickasaws finally were the occasion for the most disastrous wars during the French control of Louisiana .
But when waves with a period of between 10 and 40 minutes begin to roll over the ocean , they set in motion a corresponding oscillation in a column of mercury which closes an electric circuit .
But the farmers outsmarted Washington by shortening the distance between the rows and pouring on the fertilizer .
`` I was hired to take a picture .
`` Maybe '' , the captain admitted .
Perhaps the outstanding standard bearer of Mr. Brown's tradition for accuracy was Mr. Oscar J. Beale , whose mechanical genius closely paralleled that of Mr. Brown , and whose particular forte was the development of the exceedingly accurate measuring machinery that enabled Brown & Sharpe to manufacture gages , and therefore its products , with an accuracy exceeding anything then available elsewhere in the world .
These are the centuries in which the inhabitants of the Aegean world settled firmly into their minds and into their institutions the foundations of the Hellenic outlook , independent of outside forces .
`` It's worse inside '' , Thornburg informed Andy .
`` If you destroy confidence in banks , you do something to the economy '' , he said .
) hung on a hook on the wall , and underneath it I could see his tie , knotted , ready to be slipped over his head , a black badge of frayed respectability that ought never to have left his neck .
Balenciaga is her favorite European designer .
Miami , Fla. , March 17 .
In the afternoon , defense attorneys began the presentation of their cases with opening statements , some of which had been deferred until after the government had called witnesses and presented its case .
Maude had said .
I grew up in an Irish neighborhood on Chicago's West Side .
She was sorry , and angry at herself , because never in their life together had she done that .
Instead of attempting the impossible , why not a publicity campaign to prove that all the tiger's stripes are not black ? ?
There is one danger , however .
Pulling off her face mask , she carefully placed the spear gun across the stern , then lifted her wet hair from her back and squeezed out the water .
But who cares , when the lady sings ? ?
Smarter than most gamblers , she slipped away from the casino , packed her bag and took the night train to Paris .
Results of specific staining by the direct and the indirect methods were similar and showed the localization of WTV antigen in certain tissues of tumors .
A voice spoke near-at-hand .
Each binomial trial of a binomial experiment produces either 0 or 1 success .
Beautiful homes and gardens are trademarks of the South and cities particularly noted for them are Charleston , S.C. , Natchez , Miss. , and Savannah , Ga. .
Fifty-two companies started or committed themselves to new plant construction , totaling 1,418,000 square feet and representing an investment of $11,900,000 ; ;
We feel that The Detroit News is to be complimented upon arranging for articles on these subjects and we hope that it will continue to provide material along wholesome lines .
I think I was what you might call a convivial man , and yet it was when I was alone in my studio , doing my work , that I really felt alive .
A formulaic element need not be held meaningless merely because it was selected with little conscious reflection .
Fairing is always a tedious job but the work can be cut down considerably with a Skill planer and a simple jig .
Robert Hillyer , the poet , writes in his introduction to this brief animal fable that Mr. Burman ought to win a Nobel Prize for the Catfish Bend series .
The farmlands forming the heart of America stretch out across the Midwest from Chicago .
He was a huge young man of twenty-four , clothed in muscle , immensely strong , with a habitual gentleness and diffidence of manner that was submerged under his present agitation .
I will be the one to confront my daughter , not the wife of him who leads her to sin '' ! !
`` Since we're having coffee with them this afternoon '' , he said , `` I think I'll ask the daughter if we can pay her to come in every day to clean for us '' .
They have little `` esprit de corps '' .
A number were in the nature of movements to relieve or remove social ills .
She kissed him passionately upon his reappearance .
Maude ? ?
They would not care if all of Europe were to sink into the ocean tomorrow .
We have also seen the power of faith at work among us .
This shows that the minimal polynomial for Af divides Af .
Bible reading , even more so than good classical music , grows in depth and meaning upon repetition .
It was a grotesque hen , five or six feet tall .
If your computation on Form 1040 or Form 1040A shows you owe additional tax , it should be remitted with your return unless you owe less than $1 , in which case it is forgiven .
When the proprietor dies , the establishment should become a corporation until it is either acquired by another proprietor or the government decides to drop it .
`` Is that you , Father ? ?
History has demonstrated many times that concerts of nations based solely on the negative spur of common danger are unlikely to survive when the external danger ceases to be dramatically urgent .
Parker meant business .
The peddler came bawling his wares and told them of the convention in Wheeling , Which had formed a new state government by declaring the government at Richmond in the east illegal because they were traitors .
The Skeletal Age curve in the lower portion of Figure 2 shows that slowing may have occurred for her during the prepubescent period .
The Belgian government decided to act , and on July 10 dispatched paratroops to the Congo .
We are keeping a number of surprises under our hats .
In all `` degree '' courses in interior design a number of `` academic '' or `` general studies '' courses are included .
Refrigeration , automated processing and packaging conspire to defy season and banish spoilage .
Now he looked at her .
They are assisted and advised by members of the Art Department .
There was a mound of bleached human bones and skulls at the base of the big wooden derrick .
A record should be kept of the information and instructions , including the time and date of broadcast .
In September 1822 two companies of infantry arrived at the mouth of the St. Peter's River , the head of navigation on the Mississippi , and began construction of Fort St. Anthony which , upon completion , was renamed in honor of its commander , Colonel Josiah Snelling .
Accepted crystallographic symbolism has been used ; ;
people who thought it was nice to be important , but not important to be nice ; ;
Water splashed against his windshield as he led the flight in and out of showers .
The heart of this great poet constantly bubbles forth a generous joy of life -- with or without the guitar '' .
The son of a wealthy Evanston executive was fined $100 yesterday and forbidden to drive for 60 days for leading an Evanston policeman on a high speed chase over icy Evanston and Wilmette streets Jan. 20 .
It is the AID's intention to create in the library `` a miniature museum of Americana '' before completed refurbishing is unveiled early this fall .
Most of them , the world over , operate on the same principle by which justice is administered in France and some other Latin countries : the customer is to be considered guilty of abysmal ignorance until proven otherwise , with the burden of proof on the customer himself .
But it is a great conception .
Sarah Gross found that the treatments given her for a nervous ailment by the masseur were not helping her .
And when this was gone , he hadn't even a little bitter tablet to purify other water if he were to discover some stagnant jungle pool .
Franklin D. Lee proved a man of prompt action when Mrs. Claire Shaefer , accompanied by a friend , visited him in Bakersfield , California , several months ago as a prospective patient .
She had chosen the spot well .
The moment passes .
The Illinois Commission for Handicapped Children , which for 20 years has had the responsibility of coordinating the services of tax supported and voluntary organizations serving handicapped children , of studying the needs of handicapped children in Illinois , and of promoting more adequate services for them , indeed welcomes this new important resource which will help the people of Illinois toward the goal of providing an education for all of its children .
It is evident that Lizzie did not tell everything she overheard between her father and her Uncle Morse .
But there has always been an outdoor air to Dartmouth .
His charges would be added to the cost of materials .
The weight of fame and history is formidable , and dreary steel engravings in schoolbooks do little to quicken interest and imagination .
The school has not used cold prepared cereals for years , though at one time that was all they ever served .
I was , it seemed , persona non grata in every quarter , but not entirely without a staunch following of noted political thinkers and students of jurisprudence .
The entire length of the street could be raked with rifle fire from this barn .
When I did , she shrugged her shoulders and said that Reuveni wanted her to marry him .
London , Feb. 9
You killed him , didn't you '' ? ?
One White House dog was immortalized in a painting .
Was he ever successful , Theresa wondered .
If there are any major restrictions , they usually can be obtained in printed form .
In Newark , for example , this gain was put at 26 per cent above the year-earlier level .
( I myself have identified about sixty sites , from the old maps and registers .
`` Certainly , sir '' .
A very fine , gray solid ( about 15 g ) is formed , water-washed by centrifugation , and dried at 110-degrees-C ) .
For a number of years , Wesleyan has been drawing varied groups of political and business leaders into these informal discussions with members of the faculty and student body , attempting to explore and clarify aspects of their responsibility for public policy .
Among the specific areas of concentration in which the staff is engaged , are such projects as biological and biochemical studies of the effects of microwaves ; ;
The details of the setting of `` Neutral Tones '' are not , strictly speaking , metaphorical , but they combine to create a mood which is appropriate both to a dismal winter day and to the end of love , and in this way love and weather , the emotions and the elements , symbolize each other in a way that is common to many of Hardy's best poems ( `` Weathers '' , `` The Darkling Thrush '' , and `` During Wind and Rain '' , for example ) and to some moving passages in the novels as well ( Far From The Madding Crowd is full of scenes constructed in this way ) .
On his desk was a slowly accumulating treatment and script of The Count Of Monte Cristo .
`` You know what they say about two deep dives in one day '' , Artie went on , still twirling the snorkle and studying it intently .
The startlingly bright effect of the first washings led the Committee to order the rest of the Brumidi-Costaggini cycle cleaned and restored to go with them .
In a long commentary which he has inserted in the published text of the first act of the play , he says at one point : `` However , that experience never raised a doubt in his mind as to the reality of the underworld or the existence of Lucifer's many-faced lieutenants .
She called then to say she had a baby-sitter for that night .
4 .
Meeting it without preparation as they did , robbed of anticipation , a common disappointment seized them .
out of the race
Clean wooden molds and presses thoroughly ; ;
Thomas's ellipses and ambiguities are ends in themselves .
It is salt po'k and skippers .
Chief among the seed crops grown primarily for industrial uses are the oil-bearing seeds -- flax , castor , tung ( nuts from the China wood-oil tree ) , perilla ( from an Oriental mint ) , and oiticica ( from a Brazilian tree ) .
It was as blissful and fulfilling a night as any bride ever experienced .
Sometimes a burst of aggressiveness will sweep over a man -- or his wife -- because he or she feels age creeping up .
One of the significant things about Jewish culture in the older teen years is that it is largely college-oriented .
For my seedbed I use good garden soil with a little sand added to encourage rooting .
Three distinct classes of loans are made available to farmers' cooperatives by the Banks for Cooperatives : Commodity loans , operating capital loans , and facility loans .
Nowhere in Isfahan is this rich aesthetic life of the Persians shown so well as during the promenade at the Khaju bridge .
At the same time , another purpose of the conference will be to get certain low-wage countries to control textile exports -- especially dumping of specific products -- to high-wage textile-producing countries .
By political , economic , geographic and natural standards , they were justified in doing so .
The girl crawled out into the renewing warmth of the sunshine , hugging her shoulders and still trembling .
And yet -- a year to a child is an eternity , and in the memory that phase of one's being -- a certain mental landscape -- will seem to have endured without beginning and without end .
On the third voyage , a near-mutiny rising from a quarrel between Dutch and English crew members on the Half Moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to Amsterdam in Mid-Atlantic .
Did Low decide to let well enough alone when he made his selections ? ?
The temperature was maintained to within about Af for the period of time required to make the measurement ( usually about one hour ) .
Pakistan was created in 1947 expressly as a Muslim state , but when the army took over eleven years later it did so on a wave of mass impatience which was directed in part against the inability of political and religious leaders to think their way through to the meaning of Islam for the modern political situation .
but the old fellow , a lifelong teetotaler , refused it , and no more was thought of the matter .
El Dorado was surrounded by a mob .
Aids sounds more like a Pony Club , or horsemanship classes -- riding a horse and showing a dog are very similar ! !
Horton Smith of Detroit , a former president of the Professional Golfers Association , will receive the Ben Hogan Trophy for his comeback following a recent illness .
The parallel bars , horse , buck , springboard , horizontal bar , rings , and mats formerly in the school gyms were replaced by baseball , volleyball , basketball and football .
Anything at all ? ?
A flight originating in Florida picked up guests on the East Coast and Midwest and a plane left from Seattle taking on passengers at West Coast points .
`` I've been in government and I can tell some pretty hairy stories about personnel difficulties , so I know what a problem he was '' .
Of course , the perspective of those who are dealing directly with the world-wide problems of the People of God will always be different from the perspective of those who are dealing with the nearby problems of particular persons in a particular place .
Night scenes will add an exciting touch to your vacation travelogue and what better place to take them then along Chicago's Lake Shore Drive ? ?
to those who believe in his name : Who were born not of blood , nor of the will of the flesh , nor of the will of man , but of God .
`` I'll take that , Julie -- for you '' .
`` Purely from the business man's standpoint and without regard to the lawyer's view '' , commented a trade journal , `` the matter of patents in the automobile and accessory trade is developing some phases and results that challenge thought as to how far patents are to become weapons of warfare in business , instead of simple beneficient protection devices for encouraging inventive creation '' .
Now start talking .
The news of battle on Breed's Hill had already seeped through , and New York itself was now left in the hands of the local Provincial Congress .
But it probably will be less because of a usual slackening during the last weeks of each month , Smythe said .
So the plot creaks , the sets are decaying , the costumes are pre-historic , the orchestra was sloppy and not very well connected with what the singers were doing .
He then got a job with the Chicago Herald-Examiner as a circulation slugger , a rough fighter employed to see that his paper's news pitches were not trespassed upon by rival vendors .
The necessary step between diagnosis and training is acceptance of the validity of the criticisms .
He could tell the Legislature they had provided the needed funds to carry on the battle .
`` Clay '' , he said , `` where are we goin '' ? ?
While many tokens point forward , the main achievements stand as a culmination of the simple patterns of the Dark ages .
He stood flat-footed in the box , but not very close to the plate now .
`` Go on in '' , he says .
Something had to be done about the furnace , the fuel bills , the washing machine , the doctor and dentist bills , about making money stretch for food , for the mortgage , for taxes , for shoes , for half soles , for overshoes , for clothes , for the new leaks in the roof , for gas and light bills ; ;
The local law here would hold me till they check clear back home , and maybe more than that .
His burst held for a second on the engine section of the plane .
A third explanation is suggested by Richardson's analysis of Sukuma tone .
At first the Belgian royal family administered the Congo as its own private property .
Her mother is the former Miss Stella Hayward .
But what was there to do ? ?
The Poynting-Robertson effect ( Robertson , 1937 ; ;
On the final round at Pensacola , the luck of the draw paired Palmer and Player in the same threesome and , although it was far from obvious at the time , the gallery was treated to the first chapter of what promises to be one of the most exciting duels in sport for a long time to come .
I stopped the tractor and I shouted down to the boy , and I knew he could hear me , for the morning was clear and still , but he did not even hesitate in that brutal , murdering dance .
She has been acting as a prostitute .
But before we can do this , we must first find answers to our original questions 1 and 2 ; ;
Since attack serves to stimulate interest in broadcasts , I added to my opening statement a sentence in which I claimed that German youth seemed to lack the enthusiasm which is a necessary ingredient of anger , and might be classified as uninterested and bored rather than angry .
I suffer from mixed feelings .
He'll choke '' .
They mounted their horses and rode off into the hills .
This is largely because of the unpredictability of the man who operates the helm of the state government and is the elected leader of its two million inhabitants -- Gov. Ross Barnett .
all over the country a massive shield of prayer was thrown around him .
His old self .
The effects can be related to the structure of this enzyme .
Other capable soloists included David Clifton , Joseph Schockler and Pat Thompson .
He lived in a very dark world , but he was not in the dark .
The reasons for this dive seemed foolish now .
Such specialized training institutions could be located near the most rapidly growing industries , where the equipment and job experience exist and where the future employment opportunities are located .
Some of them are very delicious indeed , and there are many good ones exported -- unfortunately , along with others not so good , and worse .
The world exploded when Fascism challenged all concepts of peace and liberty , and the outraged , freedom-loving peoples of the Capitalist and Socialist worlds combined forces to stamp Fascist tyranny into cringing submission .
use slip to join overlapped ends together .
Crystallographic data resulting mainly from X-ray and electron diffraction measurements are presented .
It is not essentially different from a memorandum of an attorney in the Department of Justice , of which the Attorney General receives many , and to which he may give his approval or rejection .
a schematic , abstract treatment of men and animals , by intent , rose only in the late eighth century .
If you have a planting of half an acre or more you may want to buy a small garden tractor ( available for $300 to $500 with attachments , 1960 prices ) .
the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; ;
Anything to do with an ace o' spades , bad luck '' .
What I am here to do is to report on the gyrations of the struggle -- a struggle that amounts to self-redefinition -- to see if we can predict its future course .
The cleaning process
In addition , demographic inquiries , supposedly involving field investigations , were conducted in selected minor divisions ( circonscriptions ) containing about 3 percent of the total population .
Usually the third to the eighth waves in the series are the biggest .
The changes , unanimously adopted , were felt necessary in the face of modern trends away from the Bible .
Within a decade or less , few men were left and a feminist society had sprung up .
Haven't we haven't I seen you .
that is to say , to the churchyard '' .
He said no matter what stand he takes it would be misconstrued that he was sympathetic to one or the other of the Republicans .
Ortega's hope that modern psychology might yet bring forth a last flowering of the novel has only been partially fulfilled .
No matter how well work is planned , bad weather or unexpected setbacks can cause extra work that must be caught up .
`` Lots of sun , lots of rest .
`` Surveys show that one out of three Americans has vital contact with the church .
William , he was called , in honor of the man who was at once Shelley's pensioner and his most bitter detractor .
Why , I once used this machine to cure a woman with 97 pounds of cancer in her body '' .
the similitude of God , by contrast , is that which makes a man a child of God and not merely a rational creature .
Krim's main attack is upon the aesthetic and the publishing apparatus of American literary culture in our day .
What matters now ? ?
the southern United States , extending from Florida in the east to Texas in the west , still maintains its unique flavor of gracious living and historical elegance .
Without taking off his coat , he sat in the blue chair which still faced the closed bedroom door .
the belly dance leaves more to the imagination .
The latter procedure gave rise to a small active protein peak ( Region 1a ) between Regions 1 and 2 .
there is none who understands ; ;
In a similar vein , but writing from the opposite side , Thomas Taylor , a private in the 6th Alabama Volunteers , in a letter to his wife , stated : `` you know that my heart is with you but I never could have been satisfied to have staid at home when my country is invaded by a thievin foe , by a set of cowardly skunks whose motto is Booty .
This was particularly true in the world arena , which was an anarchical battleground characterized by strife and avaricious competition for colonial empires .
They were increasingly looked upon as a means of establishing the new rural communes as the focus of a new , constructive national effort .
`` Seems like we're never going to see eye to eye , Lieutenant .
`` Do you need a bandage '' ? ?
Apprehensively he peered to the left , to the right into the leafy , vine-crisscrossed maze .
When I switched on the lights for her to come and get the check , I had the exact change plus a dollar tip .
After luncheon we took advantage of the siesta period to try to get in touch with a few people to whom our dear friend Deppy had written .
his broad but little used investigative powers are confirmed .
The question of epidemic disease merits some discussion .
It was a fine broody hen , white , with a maternal eye and a striking abundance of feathers in the under region of the abdomen .
Pat meanwhile was bubbling over with sentiment .
Parkway courtesy
The year 1961 marks the fourteenth anniversary of the unification of our Armed Forces under the National Security Act of 1947 .
Let me outta here ! !
`` Dingy-looking '' , was what she said .
By 1910 the courts were crowded with cases , many of them brought by freebooters who trafficked in disputed inventions .
My John applied to six colleges before he got in '' .
Why , we got dinner right here .
About this time people began `` dropping in '' , considering that the newly married had been left alone long enough .
If the inner functions of religion are performed , the individual is a composed , ordered , motivated , and emotionally secure associate ; ;
Until we translate this gospel into a language that enlightened men today can understand , we are depriving ourselves of the very resources on which the continued success of our witness most certainly depends .
Even Mr. Miller himself seems uncertain on this score .
His losses included his money bag , containing $40 to $50 and his $214 paycheck .
And in these organizations certain primal notions played a radiant part , radiant both in the sense of giving light and of being a pole toward which all perspectives converge .
It is for them a given which they and they alone possess .
Perhaps this is what gives the aborigine his odd air of dignity .
`` Do you still have The Book of the Dead '' ? ?
`` I forgot .
-- Overt socialism means government ownership and management of a nation's main industries .
`` He's in Morgan's Ferry '' .
Before her chore was finished she was rescuing wind-blown sheets of music , trundling microphones about the stage , helping to move the piano and otherwise joining in the informal atmosphere .
a modulation described as `` almost a stroke of genius '' .
You do seem somewhat tattered '' .
The body was heavier than he had anticipated .
His files , desk , drafting board and a high stool formed the only clean island in the chaos .
He swung up over the wheel .
Strictly speaking , this means that the probability for each possible outcome of the experiment can be computed by multiplying together the probabilities of the possible outcomes of the single binomial trials .
For every criterion which defines what something is , at the same time proclaims -- implicitly if not openly -- what that something is not .
`` Forget we ever knew what '' ? ?
A minor child is allowed A personal exemption of $600 on his own return regardless of how much money he may earn .
First go over the type of coverage you now have .
They do not understand how a small magazine with no advertising and no newsstand sale could have achieved such a following .
Some of the Hetman's `` ideas '' were dream-ridden , vaguely imparted , and at times preposterous .
She spouted a mouthful of water into the air .
they had also had to generalize it -- to the point , finally , where the illusion of depth and relief became abstracted from specific three-dimensional entities and was rendered largely as the illusion of depth and relief as such : as a disembodied attribute and expropriated property detached from everything not itself .
For the remainder of the movie , Chancellor Neitzbohr proceeds to lash the piano stool with a slat from a Venetian blind that used to hang in the pre-war Reichstag .
`` I'll have a drink , then , if you'll have one with me '' .
**yt is the friction angle ; ;
Eileen got to dancing , just a little tiny dancing step to a hummed tune that you could hardly notice , and trying to pick up strange men , but each time I was ready to say to hell with it and walk out she'd pull herself together and talk so understandingly in that sweet husky voice about the good times and the happiness we'd had together and there I was back on the hook .
Neither the engineer nor the ordinary citizen feels any self-consciousness in obeying the laws of matter and energy , nor can he achieve a sense of self-righteousness in such obedience .
Clapping spurs to the bronc he set off at a sharp canter , with growing alarm .
John Templeman
The guiding principle indeed should not be anything like compensation for individual services .
Experimental procedures
`` The place had no sink or washbasin , only a bathtub '' , his mother discovered when she visited him .
In designing his home fallout shelter there is nothing to prevent a man from planning to shelter that home's occupants , `` plus-one '' -- so he will be able to take in a stranger .
One Latin American country , Cuba , has become a Soviet bridgehead ninety miles off our coast .
But Mercer hung on , living , after a fashion , in a Greenwich Village fourth-flight walk-up .
It is to this same tradition that most of the creative figures in the last century and a half of American theology also belong .
Now the range of Af is the null space Af of Af .
Casualties have been running about a dozen men a day .
In spite of the armistice negotiated by Amadee two years earlier , the war between Bishop Guillaume of Lausanne and Louis of Savoy was still going on , and although little is known about it , that little proves that it was yet another phase of the struggle against French expansion and was closely interwoven with the larger conflict .
Goodby , Mr. Sam
The hypostatization of the secret nonetheless guarantees that the division of analytical and synthetic philosophies shall not be overcome by even the most persuasive argument ; ;
In fact the accumulation of the hardware of destruction is day by day increasing our fear of each other .
D .
Miss Langford ( her first name was Evelyn ) was an attractive girl .
Left in their previous atom-like smallness , they would have cut away too abruptly into depth ; ;
15 .
`` I'm betting on that chance .
Sometimes they argued .
I withdrew my hand .
This is interesting for it combines both the thermodynamic concept of a minimum Gibbs function for equilibrium and minimum mechanical potential energy for equilibrium .
There should be a task for everyone and these tasks should be rotated .
He was called upon 26 times -- more than all of the other ball-carriers combined -- and delivered 145 yards .
There had been some coconut in it , for I remember my mother's taking a quick glance at a stringy bit of this nut on the cheek of one of them and then putting down her radish with a shiver .
And for the thousandth time , I answered myself .
The time has come for citizens of all faiths to unite in an effort to remove this divisive and nettlesome issue from the political and social life of our nation .
It tastes a little like poppyseed .
`` String them onto some sort of little plot , and you'll have a delightful operetta '' .
It is hard to see how the situation could be otherwise .
She felt like a fool , too .
As a result no comparable literature of the period is better known and better studied nor more often performed than the English madrigal .
Recognizing the limitations of such a program , the 78th Congress in 1943 passed P. L. 113 , which broadened the concept of rehabilitation to include the provision of physical restoration services to remove or reduce disabilities , and which revised the financing structure .
Could it do otherwise ? ?
If these facilities are not at the door , getting them may cost more than you expect .
The magistrates were determined to compel them .
Now it did not occur to him even to wonder whether it was wise for Robinson to dive again : Rob was his boy , the kid he had rescued from the streets , the object of his pride .
Man , to whom Mij gave endless affection and fealty , was responsible in the form of a road worker with a pickaxe who somehow becomes an abstract symbol of the savage in man .
She served for a number of years without pay beyond her travel and maintenance .
Responses such as `` rope with a loop in it '' , and `` two pieces of rope '' , were quite characteristic .
$70 by 1971 ; ;
Unstained sections mounted in buffered glycerine or sections treated only with NS or Af did not show such green fluorescence .
the Gabriel pointed towards her destination and , under one-gee acceleration , began to build up towards her ultimate velocity , 99.1 percent of the speed of light .
From his room he could look out in springtime and see the couples hand in hand walking slowly , deliciously , across the campus , and he could smell the sweet vernal winds .
We wish to show that the range of Af is exactly the subspace Af .
Occasionally new enterprise was discouraged by the almost certain prospect of legal complications .
You must've known I'd gone to get the sheriff .
He called the Cuban tractor plan an outright blackmail action , and noted that in war `` you can't buy yourself out and that's what we're trying to do '' .
Why hadn't he noticed it before ? ?
The rowdy crowd chilled into stillness and the fluent melody spiraled through it .
We were not , however , prepared for anything like the apparition that confronted us as Felix came up the stairs .
Perhaps to some their work does not seem particularly vital .
Congressmen returning from recess say the people admire President Kennedy so much , they're even willing to heed his call to sacrifice -- and give up his program .
that is , they are likely to favor a kind of education that has vocational-advancement value .
In fact , they often revamped their social activities to include class members previously unknown .
The international unit ( u. ) , adopted to make possible the comparison of results from different laboratories ( Mussett and Perry , 1955 ) , has been defined as the amount of activity present in 13.5 mg of the International Standard Preparation .
At the same time , a major proportion of these young men and women see religion as a means of personal adjustment , an anchor for family life , a source of emotional security .
This is substantially higher than the figures for the American population at large -- 45.6 per cent for males and 29.2 per cent for females .
World production of coffee broke all previous records in 1959 and 1960 at more than 5 million tons .
He at once cancels the celebrations and , buckling on his scimitar , stumbles blindly from the house , where he is hit and killed by a passing oxcart .
He was also personally active in ward politics , and by 1924 O'Banion had acquired sufficient political might to be able to state : `` I always deliver my borough as per requirements '' .
Its figures are a half inch high and very easy to read , even into tenth gallons .
It casts a spell upon them so that they leave with a feeling of having been in the mysterious presence of an evil power .
Cousin John '' ! !
The Peace Corps should be launched soon so that the opportunity to recruit the most qualified people from this year's graduating classes will not be lost .
`` How wonderful to see your cherished self .
In the forest highway system , there are now 24,400 miles of public roads .
The reasons are that America generally believes that she can buy anything with dollars , and that she compulsively strives to be liked .
All could help the President make his decision .
The velocity of this
`` They were all faded .
It may be assumed that differences in ratings due to selection of growth centers from specific regions of the body will be small , according to existing tables of onset age and completion age for centers throughout the body .
He had ridden hard from Boston , and he was not used to horseback .
The rest continues in a straight line .
The relic worship and monasticism of the Middle Ages were more advanced forms than were primitive fetish worship and nature myths .
As a youth he became one of Finney's band of evangelists and gave himself to winning young men .
The inference is overwhelming that Du Pont's commanding position was promoted by its stock interest and was not gained solely on competitive merit '' .
He is the first top administration officer to see the bottom of the slump .
He admitted his behavior , and defended it .
Pilots would steer them in a suicide dive into the water , striking below the waterline of individual ships .
Her answer was not in words .
Intensification of present activities through ( A ) quicker , more extensive , and more thorough surveys to detect incipient outbreaks ; ;
I myself have witnessed and endured it more than once .
Each week an estimated 20 million patients call upon us doctors .
Nick's body became rigid .
He wasn't so sure about the boy .
The confused rambling of guerrilla warfare , such as most of Garibaldi's campaigns were , was brought to life by Trevelyan's pen in some of the best passages in the books .
Others who are attracted to this Mecca of the beat generation are homosexuals , heroin addicts , and smalltime hoodlums .
`` For a minute , anyhow .
Heat of condensation ( work function ) plus kinetic energy of the electrons impinging on the anode .
( opposite page , right top ) : Stoneware clay was used .
Drug's chemical name :
Cars are traded mostly on a three-year basis in the interest of economy .
`` Perhaps you should get out a little '' .
Mr. Philip Toynbee writes , for example , that `` in terms of probability it is surely as likely as not that mutual fear will lead to accidental war in the near future if the present situation continues .
When the larvae hatch , they feed on the beebread , although they also receive extra honey meals from their mother .
The bullet had penetrated in the area of the right collarbone ; ;
After paying tribute to the conductor and his white-clad youthful students , President Kennedy said , `` As an American I have the greatest possible pride in the work that is being done in dozens of schools stretching across the United States -- schools where devoted teachers are studying with interested young men and women and opening up the whole wide horizon of serious music '' .
It went right on creaking under his own considerable weight , and all it needed , Harold thought , was for somebody to fling himself back in a fit of laughter and that would be the end of it .
The coordination complexes formed by transition metals with primary and secondary phosphines and arsines are being investigated ( R. G. Hayter ) .
`` What'd he say ? ?
An estimate of one million dollars is probably not excessive .
Mary Jane belonged to a world acquainted with small attractive hotels and pensions in all the major and minor cities .
`` It's okay , Mr. Paxton .
Neither acknowledged the gift .
What Lincoln could not concede was that the states rather than the people were sovereign in the Union .
Show this gentleman to 1105 '' ! !
Much , I assure you .
Promptly at seven he would clatter out of the court with twelve in the tallyho .
That some men did not want it he could understand .
One struck the muzzle of one of the rifles that projected from the shoulder pack .
They begged Grandma to let them put a bed in the kitchen for her , but Grandma said she was getting too old to sleep in strange beds and be seen with her teeth out , and that she hoped to die in privacy like a Christian and if the Lord willed it to be of pneumonia than it would have to be that way .
Tell them the truth or something before they come here '' .
Since 1949 , the only National League club that got off to a hot start and made a runaway of the race was the '55 Dodger team .
But they were not .
Mr. Blatz agreed that this would be pretty .
The potato chip industry these days is growing , not only as a result of population increase and public acceptance of convenience foods , but also because of a combination of circumstances that has led to growth by merger .
His letter had suggested we meet at my hotel at noon on Sunday , and I came into the lobby as the clock struck twelve .
At each step of the calculation the operating variables of only one stage need be varied .
`` Most often '' , she says , `` it's the monogamous relationship that is dishonest '' .
The first known telephone line in Manchester was established in July 1883 between Burr and Manley's store at Manchester Depot and the Kent and Root Marble Company in South Dorset .
This is a chipping , dynamic type failure encountered with very brittle coatings resins or very highly pigmented films .
The suppositions in the previous illustration might be sufficiently altered by establishing a connection between general company practice and local practice in the South , and by establishing such direct connection between the practice and the economic well-being of stores located in New York and general company policy .
The better part of gallantry might be , perhaps , to honor her perennial good looks and her gorgeous rainbow-hued gown , and to chide the orchestra for not playing in the same keys in which she had chosen to sing .
On the whole they maintain much the same high standard , but they are much more difficult to discuss in detail because of their wider variety of subject matter .
She would see them , looking just as they had in the books , and this would make up a part of her delight .
`` Suppose you tell me the real reason '' , he drawled .
Quite candidly , fellows , I wouldn't be in your shoes for all the rice in China .
`` Let's go into the library .
They explained value judgments by explaining them away .
Fourth session important
`` Strange '' , Gabriel said .
In the first of these sentences if by is the complement of come and Tuesday is an adjunct of time equivalent to on Tuesday , there will be strong stress on by in the spoken language ; ;
`` Well '' ? ?
This might be done to arouse those who have been squeezed out by the trims to exert pressure on the Legislature , so it would be more receptive to a tax proposal later in the year .
I have been using the word `` vocational '' as a layman would at first sight think it should be used .
Would applause , for example , be fitting if , apart from the applause , there were nothing good to applaud ? ?
Mr. Sansom can be eloquent in a spectacular way which recalls ( to those who recall easily ) the statues of Bernini and the gigantic paintings of Tintoretto .
A Sterling Township family of six surviving children , whose mother died yesterday as the aftermath to a fire that also killed one of the children , found today they had the help of hundreds of neighbors and school friends .
The objective of complete sterilization of foods is to produce a wholesome and palatable product capable of being stored without refrigeration for extended periods of time .
I thought you hadn't come in yet '' .
2 ) The concept that an `` American national folklore '' exists is itself probably another propagandistic legend .
Regardless of nomenclature , yachtels and boatels are marinas .
They were poems in a strange language , of which he could barely touch a meaning -- enough to make his being ache with the desire for the fullness he sensed there .
He was fortunate , and proud .
For exactly three unpaired electrons the coefficient would be 3.10 .
New machinery of coordination should not be our primary objective in the foreseeable future -- though perhaps the `` political general staff '' of Western leaders proposed by Sir Anthony Eden would serve a useful purpose .
The Onset Profile and Completion Profile are constructed to serve as norms for children .
She had to move in some direction -- any direction that would take her away from this evil place .
People today are aware of the value of orthodontics , and as a result there are more practitioners in the field .
It seemed to him that if the Ferraros felt sure of them , could place them , it would help him to feel more sure of himself with Carla .
One even gave my little dog a biscuit .
F.S.C. Northrop , in his discussion of The `` Functions And Future Of Poetry '' , suggests this : `` One of the things which makes our lives drab and empty and which leaves us , at the end of the day , fatigued and deflated spiritually is the pressure of the taxing , practical , utilitarian concern of common-sense objects .
Another enlarged authority of the Beaumont Navigation District .
'' She announced .
The weight advantage , plus greater durability of the plastic unit , yields a saving of about one-fifth in shipping .
Hague squeezed down his uneasy dislike .
He says the state , in order to proceed with economic development , must develop an understanding of how the various parts of its economy fit together and dovetail into the national economy .
It gave her propriety .
Her cough sounded like cloth ripping .
The children can do chores adapted to their age and ability .
True , the adherents of staying put are now reduced to a minor , even a miniscule sect , and their credo , `` Home-keeping hearts are happiest '' , is as disreputable as Socinianism .
In classical drama , such problems do not arise .
The bridegroom's children were here for the Christmas holidays and can't return .
Time's editor , Thomas Griffith , in his book , The Waist-High Culture , wrote : `` most of what was different about it ( the Deep South ) I found myself unsympathetic to .
This is a characteristic of good stereo recording and one of its tremendous advantages over monaural sound .
This was Virginia .
Winston followed her around the room , collecting the small frail objects ( Christmas , birthday , and anniversary ) and wrapping them in tissue paper .
He seemed as drunk as when I'd first talked to him , but no drunker .
Says Clarence Thompson : `` We dealers must earn our mark-up by performing a service for the builder cheaper than he could do it himself '' .
In the U. S. , strong pressures have been building up for a resumption of tests on grounds that the Russians may be secretly testing .
The German courteously indicated that Robinson should mount first .
But the facts about our Advisory Board and its members' duties are only one of several sets of facts about the quest for advice , both reliable and imaginative , on which to base our selections of Fellows .
The broods of workers that appear later tend to be bigger than the first ones , probably because they are better fed .
The third crawling man forced himself erect .
He settled on the sofa with his coffee , warming his hands on the cup , although the room was heavy with heat .
The two drivers moved closer .
Petitioner registered with Local Board No. 9 , Boulder , Colorado , on March 17 , 1952 .
Blanche knew something must be causing Stanley's new , strange behavior but she never once connected it with Kitti Walker .
He is married and the father of three children .
Now she could let out the three parakeets without fear they would be stepped on or that Stowey would let them out one of the doors ; ;
But the brigadier dines on the birds with relish .
I'm interested in every patient I've helped take care of .
I had noticed a drive-in down the road a quarter of a mile .
9 .
Yet , in summarizing a series of careful essays on the Yalta Conference , Forrest Pogue could find no basis for Yalta becoming `` a symbol for betrayal and a shibboleth for the opponents of Roosevelt and international cooperation '' .
A quiet but sturdy theme , somewhat folklike in character , appears whenever the old monk speaks of the history he is recording or of his own past life :
Our own freedom , and the future of freedom around the world , depend , in a very real sense , on their ability to build growing and independent nations where men can live in dignity , liberated from the bonds of hunger , ignorance and poverty .
Each faded out into the unexplored areas of the future .
In most discussions of this phenomenon , the figures are substantially inflated .
-- Research on esterases in mammalian sera was continued .
He went down like a wet rag and the attackers hit the dirt in the face of the withering enemy fire .
Or was he now taking the role -- the gesture and the suffering -- because it was the only way to affirm his history and identity in the torpid , befogged loneliness of this land .
He got a small fire started and put on bacon and coffee .
Tilghman leapt on to him , dragged him upright and hit him again , this time sending him careening against the bar .
Vince lifted his hand as if to strike , but his thin lips spread in a smile .
Past polls of public opinion show popular favor for this policy .
The plane put down on schedule at 1:35 a.m. in Phoenix .
All living creatures from the lowest form of insect or animal life evidence the power of creativity , if it is only to reproduce a form like their own .
the book was a fine historical novel about Edward 3 , , and I did a week of research to get the details just right : the fifteenth-century armor , furnishings , clothes .
These were the years when people flocked to Manchester not only to play golf , which had come into vogue , but also to witness the Ekwanok Country Club tournaments .
The old woman complained to the deputy governor , who ordered the servant brought before the court .
Invite sponsors or Fellowship Friends to stand back of the new members in the reception service .
Direct proportionality of the rate to the incident intensity has also been assumed in obtaining the value in the last column for the fourth sample of series 2 , where the light intensity was reduced by use of a screen .
When her right hand was incapacitated by the rheumatism , Sadie learned to write with her left hand .
`` I think we're agreed that he and Evans are equal in ability , so we have to look at the thing in terms of incentive .
The slender , handsome fellow was called Dandy Brandon by the other slaves .
Paper electrophoresis .
The I. A. P. A. is a reflection of the problems and hopes of the hemisphere ; ;
-- After 52 rainless days , moisture finally came to Del Mar , resulting in but one workout during the week for most of the horses , and leaving us with less than half our total average rainfall during the season .
An eyewitness recalled how awkward the red-turbaned colored women appeared as they curtseyed in the church doorway , and the diffidence the former slaves displayed while they listened to the few words that declared them free .
These principles , however , will not be served by violence in any form .
The Constitution of the Southern `` Confederation '' differed from that of the Federal Union only in two important respects : It openly , defiantly , recognized slavery -- an institution which the Southerners of 1787 , even though they continued it , found so impossible to reconcile with freedom that they carefully avoided mentioning the word in the Federal Constitution .
Then he got on his knees and rolled Roberts' body toward the edge .
Serum samples were obtained from normal group A , group B and group O donors .
Morgan took charge of the furniture and restored it to its thankful owners , but he let the culprits who had stolen it go free .
If the detective insists upon retaining his personal standards , he must now do so in conscious defiance of his society .
I regret that Bertha Madeira ( Today's `` Voice '' ) obtained incorrect information .
I suggested that one must let it in because it is the truth , but Beckett did not take to the word truth .
Other conceivable goals , such as character-education and social adjustment , are of secondary importance to them .
explanation of matching formula .
This exhausted Wright's patience , and in consequence he talked freely to reporters in a Madison hotel suite .
Statements by other legislators that Dallas is paying for all its water program by local bonds , and that less populous places would benefit most by the pending bill , did not sway Cotten's attack .
Bari was chosen as a depot , not only for its seeming safety , but because of its proximity to airfields .
`` I'm eating more '' , he would say .
Petitioner , who claims to be a conscientious objector , was convicted of violating 12a of the Universal Military Training and Service Act by refusing to be inducted into the armed forces .
An examination of some forty catalogs of schools offering courses in interior design , for the most part schools accredited by membership in the National Association of Schools of Art , and a further `` on the spot '' inspection of a number of schools , show their courses adhere pretty closely to the recommendations .
A troop of reporters brought up the rear .
In 1958 , the Conference endorsed birth control as the responsibility laid by God on parents everywhere .
`` Never mind , thank you '' , he said .
He could remember the feel of his father's big hands , the thump of his father's heart sending out signals -- regular , like radar .
In some ( the Ewe type mentioned above ) interaction of tone and intonation is restricted to the ends of intonation spans .
It separates two or more numbers .
Yes , the Maestro assented .
Revise and complete wildlife habitat management and improvement plans for all administrative units , assuring proper coordination between wildlife habitat management and other resources .
It makes it easy to handle much heavier units , so you can plan to build with much bigger and heavier prefabricated components like those shown in the pictures alongside .
And then it moved a little more , and I knew the snake was dying , and I would have to kill it there .
We are all , though many of us are snobbish enough to wish to deny it , in far closer sympathy with the art of the music-hall and picture-palace than with Chaucer and Cimabue , or even Shakespeare and Titian .
The three volumes brought to the fore a characteristic of Trevelyan's prose which remained conspicuous through his later works -- a genius for describing military action with clarity and with authority .
The response from London , Paris and Bonn was favorable .
I urge once again that the Congress not reenact this rider .
Americans are a nation of joiners , a quality which our friends find endearing and sometimes amusing .
In certain cases , as in Dick Stewart's , a child's personality is affected .
His bandages seemed on fire .
But last week , when a reporter was standing near Mantle's locker , Mickey walked up and volunteered an anecdote .
Without such uncertainty we are left with a set of dogmas and myths .
However , whether you arrange to have a European or American model , if you rent a car with the proper seating capacity in relation to the number of people in your party , your transportation expense will average very close to $10.00 per day per passenger .
I don't know how and I don't know why but the two stores , the one in Margaretville and the one in Fleischmanns that had been set up as a partnership , were dissolved , separated from each other .
For it had been John and Linda ever since she had come out two seasons before at the Golf Club to the goggle-eyed admiration not only of the stag line but even of her fellow debs .
He was always well groomed and well tailored , and he had that rich man's look which was authentic enough and came from two good prep schools and a proper university .
In this novel arrangement the `` pill '' is much smaller and contains only a resonant circuit in which the capacitor is formed by a pressure-sensing transducer .
Our man stopped dead and glowered at Felix .
The devil himself .
To his puzzlement , there suddenly was no haze .
He was perhaps thirty-two , nicely set up , with light brown hair that had a pronounced wave .
The manuscript , presumably after being smuggled out of the country , was published in Switzerland in 1943 .
They discussed this possibility .
He thought of Simms Purdew rising up , fearless in glory .
In any event , whether society may have cancer , or merely a virus infection , the `` disease '' , we shall find , is political , economical , social , and even medical .
The day passed without incident in spite of the warning of Senator James A. Reed of Missouri : `` Baker , you will have the streets of our American cities running with blood on registration day '' .
It is not hard to find that concurrence of opinion which Fromm finds so remarkable when you ignore all who hold a different opinion .
I would like to see you devote some space in an early issue to the news blackout concerning President Kennedy's activities , so far as Southern California is concerned .
Since I am the composer '' ! !
what mattered was that a new concept of Americans was being born .
Although the pause in the advance of general business activity this year has thus far been quite modest , it is hard to escape the conclusion that the softening process will continue into the first quarter of 1961 and possibly somewhat longer .
His appearance as Lizzy evokes not amusement but horror in the audience ; ;
`` His fingers labor heavily on the strings and he asked for my help in disciplining them .
Furthermore , he must regard religion as the expression of human forces .
A carriage crunched by , its dim lights filtering through the gloom .
Hence , the condition of freedom is a necessary condition for choice .
This provides the necessary contact with the larger society , while supporting a type of control over members in terms of social contacts .
You say , `` But it costs a lot of money to have a hobby .
Citing the experience of the Combined Chiefs of Staff in World War 2 , , Eden said that all would have been confusion and disarray without them .
`` Was it my equipment '' ? ?
He had been weary ; ;
thus , county school board and Federal court joined hands here to promote school desegregation .
The founder of the Junior Showmanship Competition the late Leonard Brumby , Sr. ( for whom the trophy is named after at Westminster ) was an outstanding Handler and believed a Junior should have an opportunity to exhibit in a dog show starting with the Junior Showmanship Division .
`` I'll be here at ten-fifty-five '' , I said .
Rembrandt's `` Aristotle Contemplating Bust of Homer '' brought $2,300,000 at auction the other night .
With the rapid rate of closure , the approach from below , the side , and ahead , there would be only a moment when damage could be done .
`` I wouldn't have gone into nursing if I didn't care about people .
5 .
that what he had said was no more than one of those things one does say , lightly , meaning nothing .
But the best known exploiters of the new medium are Kenneth Rexroth and Kenneth Patchen .
Now the riflemen and the Marylanders followed up their beginning and closed in on the British , giving them another telling round of fire .
`` But I have no permission to re-enter France , and I have just left '' , I told him .
I do not think that America is like Russia , not in the least ! !
Thus , you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth cousin's funeral .
At a rate of $3.22 an hour he is now earning approximately $580 a month .
When suitably lighted , what would it look like ? ?
`` Well now , Maggie , you don't have to snap at me '' , Eugenia said .
Moscow radio from the Literary Gazette in English to England :
She was also stone deaf in her right ear .
5.3 direct measurements of micrometeorite flux
I love fingerprints '' .
It was the first of two doubles by Robinson , who was in a mood to celebrate .
In Painter's office this evening .
Shipbuilding , aircraft procurement , and weapon programs indicate that there will not be enough of anything .
`` The accommodations may not be the poshest , but man ! !
`` There's something here '' ! !
Asked one of the children .
Like all Russians he was an emotional man , and in him the emotions warred .
Treatment of the conjugates with ethyl acetate , and the conjugates ( which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride ) with mouse liver powder , sweet clover crown gall tissue powder , or healthy sweet clover proteins did not satisfactorily remove nonspecifically staining substances in the conjugates .
During about three and a half months of the year , in the summer , there are three boats that run from the mainland to the Island carrying passengers , food , and cars ; ;
Chicago , Aug. 7
We have discovered that the outward trappings such as private offices and private secretaries are extremely important ; ;
At least two private colleges in the Atlanta area now or in the past have had integrated student bodies , but their tax-exempt status never has been challenged by the state .
The Lord is the strength of my life ; ;
Alec glanced into the bathroom .
He set out to keep Troop H the best troop in the best regiment .
Judith Pierce .
I'm supposed to care as much now as then , as much here as there , she realized , with a sigh .
The fossilized remains of many of these trees are found embedded in the clay .
`` Too long a waiting line '' , Ramey answered , pretending to joke .
Some brilliant rookies nailed them down , so that this spring just two spots , left and right field , are really up for grabs .
The Model 99 ( under $45 ) is a light-weight , streamlined
Nice country to meet a lion in face to face .
`` Maybe today'll be a good-news day '' .
The causes of retardation and maladjustment may be found in physical factors , such as defective speech or hearing , impaired vision , faulty motor coordination , a frail constitution , chronic disease , malnutrition , and glandular malfunctioning .
Keeping conditioners quiet .
Long thin suitcase ? ?
For the treatment of bacterial scours , feed 100-200 grams .
We propose a method for selecting only dictionary information required by the text being translated and a means for passing the information directly to the occurrences in text .
Dallas and North Texas is known world-wide as the manufacturing and distribution center of cotton gin machinery and supplies , valued in the millions of dollars .
It is growing in numbers .
Reputedly it could outrun , underwater , the fastest destroyers .
Apart from the honeybee , practically all bees and bumblebees hibernate in a state of torpor .
To break the uncomfortable silence , Haney began to talk .
Sipping their coffee , discussing the weather , the day's shopping , Fritzie's commitments at the network ( all of which he would cancel ) , they avoided the radio , the morning TV news show , even the front page of the Santa Luisa Register , resting on the kitchen bar .
Pierce , Carsten and Wynston , 1960 ) .
Without abandoning too much , Copernicus sought to make orthodox astronomy systematically and mechanically acceptable .
If anything may be predicted in the quicksilver world of retailing , it seems likely that the suburban branch will come to dominate children's clothing ( taking the kid downtown is too much of a production ) , household gadgetry and the discount business in big-ticket items .
Word reached the company that the man behind these depredations was Manuel Gonzales , a man with many followers , including a number who were kept in line through fear of him .
Local embodiment of the whole
-- The recommended level for sheep is 2 milligrams daily , and this level should be maintained .
He looked up and grinned .
You used to paint in them , and then you just took them for rags .
He remembered Midge , and the child .
( Actually , a nilpotent operator on an n-dimensional space must have its T power 0 ; ;
It'll be an all day affair with screenings of Doris' new one , `` Lover Come Back '' , and `` Flower Drum Song '' .
Sources of data :
and she recited `` Hector's Farewell To Andromache '' most movingly , to the special delight of Rabbi Jastrow at his home in Germantown near Philadelphia , where the Szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the Jastrow boys at the Szolds' in Baltimore .
From the point of view of syntactic analysis the head word in the statement is the predicator has broken , and from the point of view of meaning it would seem that the trouble centers in the breaking ; ;
The valley lay clear , and open to the eye , right up to the sharp-limbed line of gaunt , scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead .
And then off he went so casually , to someone else with breasts better developed , more obvious in a lower-cut dress , someone without a mouthful of wire bands and an inability to find words that would hold him .
and it is evidenced in the prayers offered , in the frequent religious allusions , and in the confirmation of points on religious grounds .
Officers who participate in the continual practice drills assured me that the President's decision could be made and announced on the gold circuit within minutes after the first flash from Aj .
There are no data published in the literature on the shape of low viscosity drops to confirm the above formulas .
And I was certain he would refuse '' .
All the drivers knew about the plates and they also knew about the big floppy straw hat with shredded edges , the kind natives in travel ads wear when they are out joyfully chopping cane .
3 .
a common habit or uniform prescribed for all citizens ; ;
Don't ask him more .
Mama knew that she was out of mourning when she finally wore bright colors .
Price competition is lacking .
`` No .
Norman Paris has provided them with extremely effective orchestral accompaniment
`` All these kind of things weaken us '' , Perlman said .
The one thing he missed from his farm in the Po Valley was the animals ; ;
`` The Forgotten War '' his soldiers called the Burma fighting because the war in Africa and Europe enjoyed priorities in equipment and in headlines .
But he recalled that Rameau had once had a private performance of his opera Armide , behind closed doors , just for himself alone .
`` Wanna beer '' ? ?
What shall these effects be ? ?
Lewis gave him a guidebook tour of London and , motoring and walking , took him to Stratford , but the London stay was for only ten days , and on the twentieth they took the train for Southampton , where they spent the night for an early morning Channel crossing .
But almost all the schools were primary .
A week later the Daily Journal had discovered the initial plans of some Providence citizens to hold a meeting honoring John Brown on the day of his execution .
The drummer flogged the gourd with frantic intensity as the dancers began the calinda , a sensual gyration which had long been a favorite of voodoo practitioners and their disciples in the Louisiana slave compounds .
Hearst took a brief respite to hurry home to New York to become a father .
In recent times , when sexual matters began to be discussed more scientifically and more openly , the emotional aspects of virginity received considerable attention .
The rest of the press should be kept clean by dusting with a clean rag or brush .
The structure is complete .
They'll roll off in another day .
Ellis , Grindlay and Edwards ( '52 ) also were unable to find them in rats .
For example , the Friday after Thanksgiving can be substituted for Washington's birthday .
But one should not ask for everything .
No previous antitrust case , he said , had involved interests of such magnitude or presented such complex problems of relief .
She walked restlessly across the room , then back to the windows .
This is no damned holiday , Beckworth .
`` Which are you '' ? ?
-- Old Knife's not the only chief he'll get to do his dirty work ! !
Speaking of his work with Johnny Mercer , Arlen says , `` Our working habits were strange .
Here was a perfect place to lie down and make believe .
Pausing in the outside door to glance behind him , Pat looked his unspoken warning and stepped out .
His income is not required to be included in the return of his parent .
`` What you need is a steady martingale '' , the cowboy announced after watching Owen play .
They had turned numb and prickly in the classroom .
`` Does this bother you '' ? ?
Sure , Ticonderoga went broke in the low-priced market bucking the Big Three .
During the period , the laboratory rendered centralized macropathological service to qualified requesters .
Sales of transistors in 1960 exceeded $300 million , compared to $222 million in 1959 despite substantial price reductions in virtually all types .
And when they had drawn back a step he added : `` Jones is sitting on his horse right in front of her .
If the puppets are of uniform size , you can change them in accord with your child's whims .
Interest rates
`` Were you on duty here two weeks ago '' ? ?
To raise the added objection that men require certainty on psychological grounds , answers to ultimate questions having an irrational rather than scientific basis , is in a real sense to undermine the objection itself .
These services at which attendance is voluntary are led by the Chaplain , by the President of the College , by selected faculty members , students , and visitors .
`` Emory University's charter and by-laws have never required admission or rejection of students on the basis of race '' , board chairman Henry L. Bowden stated .
He will not be surprised to find that general principles produce conflicting results in the factual situation with which he is confronted .
Without really changing the general subject , I take this opportunity to confess that I am troubled by doubts , not only about pacifism , but also when asked to join in the protest against a law that most of those who consider themselves humane and liberal seem to regard as obviously barbarous ; ;
`` How The Kooks Crumble '' features an amusingly accurate take-off on sneaky announcers who attempt to homogenize radio-TV commercials , and `` The Watchers Of The Night '' is a veritable waking nightmare .
It changes and develops according to the text ; ;
`` We don't '' .
`` But you know how hard it is to get a boy into a good college .
A specimen or garment is washed in a cylindrical reversing wash wheel , dried and subjected to restorative forces where necessary .
The United States must plan to absorb the exported goods of the country , at what he termed a `` social cost '' .
There are many causes for this change .
Since Af are distinct prime polynomials , the polynomials Af are relatively prime ( Theorem 8 , Chapter 4 ) .
He must undertake complete servicing of the oilheating equipment to assure fine heating .
The third column gives the optimal policy , but we must wait to see the outcome of stage R and enter the preceding section of the table at this state .
Lewis was spending his mornings , with the help of two secretaries , on the galleys of that long novel , making considerable revisions , and the combination of hard work and hard frivolity exhausted him once more , so that he was compelled to spend three days in the Harbor Sanatorium in the last week of January .
It is not as convenient as the old type toothbrush and the paste tends to shimmy off the bristles .
Is ! !
`` I stopped to say goodbye , Mrs. Lattimer , and to tell you how sorry I was to hear about your baby .
At the start of her program there were evidences of pique .
The Bassis are leaving soon for their new post .
Then he turned the telephone over to Rourke , and went into the bedroom to change his slippers for dry socks and shoes .
With a foreign car you must wear a cap -- it has a leather band in the back .
`` I'll have one of the boys get it '' , he said .
In the more sophisticated atmosphere of today's developed nations , food-preservation techniques have sought also to bring variety , peak freshness , and optimum taste and flavor in foods at reasonable cost to the consumer .
An enemy would obviously choose an agent that is believed to be highly infectious .
It is the intent of the law that their actions be taken openly and that their deliberations be conducted openly .
The ground crew , which ordinarily fuels a 707 in twenty minutes , took fully three hours .
`` Nothing to lose , either , Spencer '' .
In the liquid phase runs the amount of carbon tetrachloride in each reaction tube was determined by weighing the tube before opening and weighing the fragments after emptying .
The doctor shot down to the lavatory and turned the doorknob , but to no effect : the lavatory was occupied .
Such disks are very handy for cutting and shaping small parts .
Qui s'excuse s'accuse , as the French Jewish intellectuals used to say .
Other items on the agenda during the meetings , which are expected to continue through Saturday , concern television , rules changes , professional football's hall of fame , players' benefits and constitutional amendments .
There is reason to suppose that Lucy would have made a record as publicly distinguished as her brother had it not been that her mother's death occurred just as she was about to enter college .
`` Nothing '' , Phil said .
His friends advised that it would be only a question of time until either the Mexicans killed him by ambuscade or he would be compelled to kill them in self-defense , perpetuating the troubles .
Another important source of evidence only recently receiving much attention is the analysis of atmospheric dust for a meteoritic component .
Haney peered doubtfully at his drinking companion through bleary , tear-filled eyes .
`` Yes , I know , Fritzie .
If the trend of general business activity follows the pattern suggested here , we are likely to see additional steps by the Federal Reserve authorities to ease the availability of credit .
Developments over the next two months , however , caused the President to reconsider the question of the timing .
Since they are all either rented or borrowed , the requested dates for their use have to be far in advance .
Well , yes , perhaps in literature , since you could argue that you couldn't keep silent about your feelings against literature and so were involved in spite of yourself .
She also banks into a turn like a fine runabout -- not digging in on the outside to throw passengers all over the boat like many a small cabin cruiser .
Would you like to organize Teen Hunters Clubs , shooting programs , and have information on seasons including six months of hunting with unlimited game bags on shooting preserves ? ?
Even the most rational of men , under great stress , may be transported by a new faith and behave like mystics .
The action is a drop-block , handling all the standard
)
If Rose Mallory's killer acted this way , catching up with him was going to be a cinch .
His forearm smashed painfully into the narrow washboard and he grimaced as he grabbed his bruised limb with his other hand and rolled into the boat .
Eliminate the vulnerability of aircraft on the ground and you have essentially eliminated its vulnerability to long-range ballistic missiles .
I didn't understand why , Clay .
Called a `` Slo-Flo '' meter it was designed for this job by Power Plus Industries of Los Angeles , a key individual being Don Nelson .
Commandeering a passing car , Kimmell pursued the fleeing vehicle , but lost it in traffic .
`` Phil , for God's sake , go away .
`` They ain't even in sight '' ! !
Tom had been laying for Aaron McBride for a long time , just waiting to catch him out of line .
The staircase itself seemed still to be echoing the heavy footfalls of many men .
his foster parents had taught him to see .
Orlick slouches about the forge `` like Cain '' with `` his hands in his pockets '' , and when he shouts abuse at Mrs. Joe for objecting to his holiday , she claps her hands in a tantrum , beats them `` upon her bosom and upon her knees '' , and clenches them in her husband's hair .
The credit provdied by the first two services in the system outlined above is primarily for general agricultural purposes .
But he takes his bearings from the great guidelines of policy , well-established precedents , the commitments of the United States under international charters and treaties , basic statutes , and well-understood notions of the American people about how we are to conduct ourselves , in policy literature such as country papers and National Security Council papers accumulated in the Department .
A trim green and silver-painted craft only 22-1/2 feet long , the Waco was entered to compete in the `` On-to-Spokane '' Air Derby of 1927 .
Indeed , one school superintendent in a large city objects to the use of the term comprehensive high school for the senior high schools in his city , because these schools do not offer strictly vocational programs .
She described herself as having the same kind of `` irresponsible '' feeling as she had once experienced under hypnosis .
`` So that the man should not have thoughts of grandeur , and become lifted up , as if he had no lord , because of the dominion that had been given to him , and the freedom , fall into sin against God his Creator , overstepping his bounds , and take up an attitude of self-conceited arrogance towards God , a law was given him by God , that he might know that he had for lord the lord of all .
`` I'm sorry '' , she said .
In the midst of it all , Mr. Podger came out on the Pod porch , alone .
This information was accepted with the frequent interpretation that those persons who did not show arm-levitation must be preventing it .
this issue that you are reading marks my 15th anniversary .
This new force , love of country , super-imposed upon -- if not displacing -- affectionate ties to one's own state , was epitomized by Washington .
It is a publishing and public relations center , but these very facts prevent it from being a literary center because writers dislike provincialism and untruth .
He tried to turn right to the society page in each one , but interesting stories kept cropping up to distract him .
The speed is controlled by pressing on the two brake buttons located where the index finger and thumb are placed when holding the motor .
Nor were his manners barbaric .
Flatiron , electric -- approximately 3 lb.
The forty-four lists supplied by the AIA member companies were merged and duplicate names were eliminated .
On the other hand , the new authority of $3,825 million proposed for missile procurement ( excluding research and construction ) in 1961 is $581 million higher than for 1960 .
`` The dead beasties .
Before daylight Sunday morning , a posse of twenty-three men under the leadership of Deputy Sheriff Frank MacPherson of Catskill followed the trail to the house of Francisco Chaves , where 100 to 150 Mexicans had gathered .
the complete , in the latter part .
The long-range aspects of this program are divided into four distinct phases : basic mapping , inventory , analysis and plan and policy formation .
Bones and cartilage transmit poorly and tend to reflect the ultrasonic signals .
This traffic , he declared prophetically , `` tho' it might be of small account at first , would increase with the progress of our Settlements .
Among the more familiar plans for dual-channel advancement is that of General Electric .
he had aged thirty years , and his face , the color of tallow , was crisscrossed with wrinkles , as though it had been wrapped in chicken wire .
Jazz Three open program
It made him a little sick , and he let go of her .
I worked for a day on this plainly ridiculous assignment and consulted several of my own well-informed sources .
Moscow Novosti article in Russian , datelined London :
In either case , it could call a special session of the Legislature later in 1961 to make another stab at raising additional revenues through a tax raiser .
The captain was gone , and the mate was gone .
The usually skiddy greens were moist and soft , so the golfers were able to strike their approach shots boldly at the flag-stick and putt firmly toward the hole without too much worry about the consequences .
And romantic ? ?
Look what those little European jobs are doing .
Erected on the site of pagan temples and three previous St. Sophias , the first of which was begun by Constantine , this fourth church was started by Justinian in 532 and completed twenty years later .
Actually , the types of infection that could attack a warm-blooded mammal were not infinite , and over the course of the last few hundred years adequate defenses had been found for all basic categories .
Or that the tiny creek spun its silent course toward the Schuylkill ? ?
He stalked into the water and fell heavily over the side of the flat-bottomed barge , his weight nearly swamping the craft .
`` Nothing .
Within a few years various Du Pont manufactured items were filling the entire requirements of from four to seven of General Motors' eight operating divisions .
Never at all .
The rows of animals and birds , in particular , suggest awareness of Oriental animal friezes , transmitted perhaps via Syrian silver bowls and textiles , but the specific forms of these rows on local vases and metal products are nonetheless Greek .
`` Go back to that double-married man of yours who so parades his fine body among the young women .
Rooney remained untouched .
`` Why put such a high value on being top dog '' ? ?
the important point , however , is that these magnificent achievements , unlike those of later decades , were only incidentally influenced by Oriental models .
She says , `` of course I've had the best .
This is awkward for everybody , isn't it , we all got to put up with inconvenience sometimes .
And this occurs now , at the refrain of Jacoby's song -- at the point , in fact , of the name `` Lizzy '' -- ; ;
Lucy drew out the chair and sat down ; ;
They involve only simple mathematics that are taught in grammar school arithmetic classes .
He did not leave the middle of the road .
Mr. and Mrs. Harry D. Hoaps , Jr. have returned to their home in Drexel Park , after spending some time in Delray Beach Fla. .
Numbers of registered persons in four age-and-sex classes were counted each year .
Over the weekend , Mrs. Self , personnel clerk , was a feted and honored guest of the Atlanta Club , organization of women employes at City Hall .
Wilkes was quite right about one thing .
( Special compliments to the double bass playing of Johann Krumpp : his scrawny , tottering sound adds a delightful hilarity to the performance .
Preserving life and limb
Decca is not the only large commercial company to impart instruction .
What determines the morality , they state , is not the means used , but the motive In general , the means ( excluding abortion ) that prove most effective are considered the most ethical .
We have two media for publicizing individual technical activity , a magazine widely distributed both within and without the company , and an information bulletin for engineering personnel distributed to the homes of all engineers .
`` Casey ? ?
the numerous squabbles over minor matters ; ;
Whether the only price of our redemption were not the death of Christ on the cross , with the rest of his sufferings and obediences , in the time of his life here , after he was born of the Virgin Mary ? ?
( There are two receivers in case one should be dropped and damaged .
Beyond it the gray road stretched a long , long way .
Still a demurrer or two must be entered .
The unstructured schools were in a large suburban community , predominantly middle- to upper-middle class , but fringed by an industrial area .
Not that he gave a damn what the grapevine sent out about Killpath's little speech on the comportment of platoon commanders .
Requirements
The Soviets understand , moreover , that the first step in turning a country toward Communism is to turn it against the West .
This is another of the modifications of policy on Laos that the Kennedy administration has felt compelled to make .
-- This investigation involved several aspects .
Grabski's shanty was beyond the bridge over the River Bystrzyca near the rail center .
And he knew that the men talked about him behind his back , saying that he was one up on everybody else -- including the pilot of the plane with the swastika on it -- because he was chemically incapable of fear .
Man in a boat , there's a lot of places he can put in at and a lot of reasons he can be away for a bit .
Set the apples in the pastry-lined tin , spread over them three tablespoonfuls of softened butter , with as much brown sugar , a sprinkling of nutmeg , and a fresh bay leaf , then lay on a cover of pastry , and gild it with beaten yolk of egg .
One way to do this is by `` proxy sittings '' , wherein the person seeking a message does not himself meet with the medium but is represented by a substitute , the proxy sitter .
If a nation wished to get a head start in physical fitness over all other nations , it would start its kindergarten students on a program of gymnastics the day they entered and thus eliminate a large number of the problems that plague American schools .
`` Confrontation '' should fortify us all , whether in Southeast Asia or the U.S. .
Should the requirement , which must therefore be Federal in nature , be legislated by the United States Congress ? ?
Presumably the interfacial bond strength and gross cohesive properties are identical in each case .
Furthermore , the thin film dynodes appear to have a natural diameter limitation wherever a mesh support cannot be tolerated .
In view of these difficulties , Palfrey decided to go to Louisiana .
For general morale reasons and to encourage the efforts of his supply officers , when food was short for combat troops he cut the rations of his headquarters staff accordingly .
The capacity for making the distinctions of which diplomacy is compact , and the facility with language which can render them into validity in the eyes of other men are the leader's means for transforming the moral intuition into moral leadership .
The provisions for determining a State's unadjusted Federal share are designed to reflect the varying financial resources among the States .
)
Pressure transducer for pvt measurements .
Principle
Though the makeshift airports were ready , the York State Guard flyers proved unable to keep any kind of mail schedule .
3 .
The molecular forces holding the coating to the substrate are obviously greater than the cohesive strength of the coating and failure occurs by shear along a plane starting at the tip of the knife and extending to the coating surface .
When Quiney and William Parsons wrote to Greville in 1593 asking his consent in the election for bailiff , they sent the letter to Mr. William Sawnders , attendant on the worshipful Mr. Thomas Bushell at Marston .
I haven't seen her on the beach '' .
Morse said Borden let him out and locked the screen door .
`` Ah , you're too old '' , was invariably his ungallant and untrue retort whenever I suggested `` starting a family '' .
The new birth is necessary because all have sinned .
He tugged the brim of his hat low as he approached , stepped out into the street just behind the car and strode around to the right-hand side .
Just a big pile of self-confidence in an almost teensy package .
Serif and Kirkwood , 1958 ; ;
A Dr. Charles Taft clambered up on the stage and got the actors to hoist him up to the box .
When sufficiently accurate and complete measurements are available , it will be possible to set limits on the thermal and electrical characteristics of the surface and subsurface materials of the moon .
He and Irvin Moll were sipping coffee at the breakfast bar .
When he looked in the back , Mrs. Gertrude Parker was marking keno cards .
Subsequent sections on grants describe the other categories of the grant structure .
The fourth and concluding point will be to estimate the long-run significance of the elections and how they figure in the current pattern of internal politics .
A `` mealynose '' was a cow or steer of the longhorn type , with lines and dots of a color lighter'n the rest of its body 'round the eyes , face , and nose .
I asked .
With Rex Stout's Nero Wolfe , alienation is represented on a purely physical plane .
`` I hope so .
Surrealists like Hans Arp and Max Ernst might talk of creation by hazard -- of composing pictures by walking on them with painted soles , or by tossing bits of paper up in the air .
He raised his voice .
Soon Mrs. B.'s fears threatened to burst into a full-blown panic concerning the welfare of the entire family .
`` It is not an individual that is in the dock at this historical trial '' -- said Ben Gurion , `` and not the Nazi regime alone -- but anti-Semitism throughout history '' .
His voice seemed thick and purposeless .
They depend on my supposedly expert knowledge of a trade of which they themselves know little .
He and Mark were the last of the family , and there lay the Cape Ann property which had seemed to have no end , stretching from horizon to horizon , in those golden days of summer .
Here , this happy , roving son of good fortune proved that he could accept the disciplines of a new social-economic order fighting for its very existence and ideals in a truculent world .
The failure to keep these two usages distinct presents hazards to the reader .
Their work mirrors the mentality of the psychopath , rootless and irresponsible .
Mr. McKinley examined everything with critical care , seeking something material to blame for his son's illness .
More industrial acreage lies vacant in St. Clair county than in any other jurisdiction in the St. Louis area .
I have never seen Caper off his feet -- he seems to know nothing but ' trot ' and keeps trying a little harder if asked to do so .
There is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may proceed independently of iodination , for in certain transplantable tumours of the rat thyroid containing essentially no iodinated thyroglobulin , a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in ultracentrifuge experiments ( Wolff , Robbins and Rall , 1959 ) .
Dominant stress is of course more than extended duration , and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone : a dominant stress given to glorify would normally center on its first syllable rather than its last .
The flat-bottomed boat swung slowly to the pull of the current .
`` Where The Boys Are '' also has a juvenile bounce that makes for a refreshing venture in comedy .
But these Western countries do care about themselves .
He was one of the most prominent magazine illustrators in America ; ;
`` We'll go up to the Edgewater Beach Hotel for dinner '' , I said .
The dress in the painting is a bright red , with rhinestones forming a spray on the right side .
By such innocent actions are human tragedies sometimes set in motion .
These are defined by a simple involutorial transformation of the points in which a general line meets a nonsingular quadric surface bearing a curve of symbol Af .
Already some of the pain had gone from Amelia's death .
My God , how long is he going to wait , I thought .
Lucy Upton was graduated from the Salem High School when few colleges , only Oberlin and Elmira , were open to women ; ;
Africans and Asians tend to consider not only missions but the local churches they have produced as centers and agents of Western culture and ideology if not of direct political propaganda .
Some of the previously reported compounds have thus been reformulated and a series of new hydrido and carbonyl compounds discovered , the more representative examples being Af , Af , Af , Af and Af ( Af ) .
They were clumsy , but they were beginning to catch on .
The only man alive who seems qualified by his learning , his disposition and his addiction to a baroque luxuriance of language to inherit the literary mantle of Sacheverell Sitwell , Mr. Sansom writes of foreign parts with a dedication to decoration worthy of a pastry chef creating a wedding cake for the marriage of a Hungarian beauty ( her third ) and an American multimillionaire ( his fourth ) .
The differentiation between the East Coast and West Coast schools of jazz , the differences between the `` hard bop '' school of Rollins , and the `` cerebral '' experiments of Tristano , Konitz and Marsh , the general differences in the mores of white and Negro musicians , all had become fairly well known to certain segments of the public .
Although the fort was evacuated in the face of the force of Cornwallis , Morgan and his men did have a chance to take another swing at the redcoats .
Besides showing no inclination , apparently , to absent himself from his native region even for short periods , and in addition writing a shelf of books set in the region , he has handled in those books an astonishingly complete list of matters which have been important in the South during the past hundred years .
There was to be roast chicken with dressing , giblet gravy , asparagus , new peas with a sprig of mint , creamed onions , and mashed potatoes -- all chosen , prepared , and cooked by Viola herself .
Either it is lack of training , lack of proper screening when hiring , lack of management or possibly lack of interest on the part of the telephone company , which does have a Government-blessed monopoly .
Suppose we do get our fears out in the open , what then ? ?
Not George , Townley , or Ted , certainly not Ludie .
New self-deceiving rags are hurriedly tossed on the too-naked bones .
my point is that where conflicts arise they must always be resolved in favor of achieving the indispensable condition for a tolerant world -- the absence of Soviet Communist power .
He was laughed off the screen .
`` It's parked in front '' .
There is another side of love , more nearly symbolized by the croak of the mating capercailzie , or better still perhaps by the mute antics of the slug .
The Fourteenth Regiment of Ohio Volunteers lost one-third of its numbers within a few minutes , among them being several men whose time of service had expired but who had volunteered to advance with their regiment .
He raised them .
`` What for '' ? ?
Inventory and evaluate wildlife habitat resources in cooperation with other Federal agencies and with the States in which National Forests and Grasslands are located , as a basis for orderly development of wildlife habitat improvement and coordination programs , including ( A ) big-game , gamebird , and small-game habitat surveys and investigations on the 186 million acres of National Forests and Grasslands , ( B ) fishery habitat surveys and investigations on the 81,000 miles of National Forest fishing streams and nearly 3 million acres of lakes and impoundments , and ( C ) participation in planning , inspection , and control phases of all habitat improvement , land and water use projects conducted on National Forest lands by States , other Federal agencies , and private groups to assure that projects will benefit wildlife and be in harmony with other resource values .
When Felix first opened the door on it , all these shades were tightly drawn and the whole studio was as dark as night .
ripe pears lying in long grass , to be turned over by a dusty-slippered foot , cautiously , lest bees still worked in the ragged , brown-edged holes ; ;
This , he claims , would reasonably account for the expansion of the universe .
Cady stuck his jaw out .
It provides a natural transition into the life of the local church and its organizations .
`` Yes , he didn't .
He's really asking for it '' .
Mrs. Gertrude Parker drew back .
Billy returned with six sticks of dynamite .
Sec. 3 .
`` I don't know what I'd do without my family .
and maximum length , with confirmation or amplification of Oliver's figures .
`` And add fever to our troubles '' ? ?
Flash is allowed , subject to above restrictions .
I feel that few burglars would be prone to break and enter into someone's apartment if they were met with a good hardy growl that a dog would provide .
`` We presently are involved in inaugurating a new development center .
A concentration distribution has been derived from radar observations sensitive to the fifteenth magnitude ( Manning and Eshleman , 1959 ) .
He went back and got the flashlight , returned to the tunnel and carried the suitcase to the edge of the pit he had found earlier .
The 2% increase in retail sales in October to a 4-month high is encouraging in this connection as well as the most recent consumer survey by the National Industrial Conference Board , which shows a decided pickup in consumer spending plans .
Thus , in the immemorial way -- in the way of the right hand that knows and the left that does not -- was the stage set for tragedy at Bari .
Whether the Fathers , who died before Christ was born of the Virgin Mary , were justified and saved only by the blood which he shed , and the death which he suffered after his incarnation ? ?
British common sense is proverbial .
Limited interests .
.
Stephen Vincent Benet's John Brown's Body comes immediately to mind in this connection , as does John Steinbeck's The Grapes Of Wrath and Carl Sandburg's The People , Yes .
( Significantly , bitter echoes of the 1960 power struggle that saw Mosk moving into the national committee post over Ziffren are still audible in party circles .
One thing was becoming increasingly sure .
She inquired .
Rat-face at the counter was on his feet .
More extended systems , covering all passage into the Caribbean , would free the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico from the previously listed requirements .
And the turtle ? ?
`` Heaven forbid '' ! !
John Bascom went down early , too .
By mid-June , millions of Americans will take to the road on vacation trips up and down and back and forth across this vast and lovely land .
I have no picture in my mind of the garden as a whole -- that I could not see -- but certain aspects of certain corners linger in the memory : wind-blown , frost-bitten , white chrysanthemums beneath a window , with their brittle brown leaves and their sharp scent of November ; ;
The British ships rolled at anchor , sent out picket boats and waited for orders from London .
Some of these thoughts -- not all of them -- have taken organized form in later years .
That's quite minor , nothing to worry about .
`` We're right on the edge of the Deep '' , Elaine said .
If you use company transportation to meet trains or to haul visitors , would taxis be cheaper ? ?
Well , most of our fears may be unfounded , but after you discover that fact , you have something else to worry about : Why then do we have these fears ? ?
There may be possible economies at any one of a number of links in your marketing and distribution chain .
I know this from my talks with him '' .
In their first three games , the Longhorns have had the ball 41 times and scored 16 times , or 40 per cent ; ;
My man came out an hour later , drove to the beach , turned right and after half a mile went to the Swim and Tan Motel .
`` Mr. Morgan , it's the best-looking food I ever saw '' .
However , they do demonstrate the presence of large normal pressures in the presence of flat shear fields which were forecast by the theory in the first part of the paper .
Yet to determine precisely to what extent and exactly in what ways any individual showed the effects of Christianity would be impossible .
Libertines recalled the heroism of the past and demanded : `` Are we going to allow the Protestant Pope , Master Calvin , to curtail our liberty ? ?
One sees that this happens because the null space of Af has dimension 1 only .
One of the babies died in the initial transferral but of Helva's `` class '' , seventeen thrived in the metal shells .
`` Come , come '' , Jim said , jollying Lucy a little .
I'm going to put it on my dresser '' .
`` Who'd hit you in the head '' ? ?
She decided to risk it .
( Call it mentally young ; ;
He said : `` I'm going to bed '' .
Swiftly , came the revulsion , the protest .
Above all , he had learned to write formal Latin prose and verse to a remarkable degree of artistry .
`` If I catch you one more time down here without stockings '' --
He believed that brave boys didn't cry .
In his absence , the rifle regiment was under the command of Major Thomas Posey , another able Virginian .
Fulton was a very close friend of Jackson , and had been his private secretary for a number of years in the old days .
The long and ever-increasing column of sportsmen is now moving into a new era .
Since Mr. McKinley had to give a lecture , Rachel and Scotty drove home alone in the Plymouth .
Christ is both unique and universal .
`` What's wrong with him '' ? ?
Is there anything a frustrated individual can do about Communism's growing threat on our doorstep and around the world ? ?
Airmail was used for the addresses outside the Pacific Northwest .
The Denver-area TV audience was privileged to see Mays' four home runs , thanks to a new arrangement made by Bob Howsam that the games are not to be blacked out when his Bears are playing at home .
Under this new management considerable progress appears to have been made .
Nerves , Mr. Robards said , just a nip anyway .
And by a skillful and unobtrusive use of imagery ( the enclosure is called a `` Roman-camp stockade '' , the hastily erected lean-to is a `` Babylonian hovel '' , the men begin to look like `` Peruvian mummies '' and to acquire `` Gothic faces '' ) , Malraux projects a fresco of human endurance -- which is also the endurance of the human -- stretching backward into the dark abyss of time .
In recent years many counties and the U. S. Forest Service have taken aerial photos which show features in detail and are very good for planning use .
Show follows ceremonies
The same God who called this world into being when He said : `` Let there be light '' ! !
A very casual , pleasant program -- one of those easy-going things that make Newport's afternoon programs such a relaxing delight -- was held again under sunny skies , hot sun , and a fresh breeze for an audience of at least a couple of thousands who came to Newport to hear music rather than go to the beach .
Did he know something that made him feel sad and sorry for her ? ?
I make no attempt to measure the enduring satisfaction and material well-being of a man who went to work on graduation from high school and was highly successful in the business which he entered .
`` It's absurd , Bill '' , Freddy said , from a pale face .
He had retained his hat and his horn , and , whatever fun might still be going , he was ready to join it .
thus Af .
If it fails to pass , he can throw up his hands and say the Legislature would not support him in his efforts to prevent integration .
Since marginal costs rise when the wage rate rises , the profit-maximizing price also rises when the public-limit price is elevated , and is likely to remain well above the latter .
The good feeling which exists between these two important church figures is now well known in England .
In any case , he had no intention of being caught asleep , so he carried his revolver in its holster on his hip and he took his Winchester with him and leaned it against the fence .
But it is crucial that here , unlike Burford , the trial court was ordered to retain the case until the state courts had had a reasonable opportunity to settle the state-law question .
The principal tactic in controlling the ball was giving it to Abner Haynes , the flashy halfback .
stereo LSO 1065 ) , but in this case it is the music that stands above the lyrics .
There are serious dangers involved in this trend toward rising Federal expenditures , of which I take a dim view , but it seems very likely to occur .
The problem needs further exploration .
`` What's the matter , honey '' ? ?
The latter in turn assured him that `` were I arraigned at the bar , and you my judge , I should expect to stand or fall only by the merits of my cause '' .
Line sides of mold with paper pattern Aj .
This was the Greek word most often translated as `` baptism '' .
She was finally at rest in truth , of her own proud free choice .
Make sure you have minimum age and time-on-the-job requirements tied into your pension plan .
The skiff was not heading for the nursery , however .
The man's voice was a sweet , patient whisper .
Among the particular gems in this collection is the impudent opening song of `` The Garrick Gaieties '' , an impressive forecast of the wit and melody that were to come from Rodgers and Hart in the years that followed ; ;
The following efficiencies obtained from JEDEC and RCA specifications were used : Af
The best could not escape from the worst and the worst nestled cosily beside the better .
Prince wears ten-gallon hat
Many others are attracting the traffic needed to push revenues up to the break-even point .
Avoid attic placement directly above a bedroom .
Not yet .
Even the least alteration will change the quality .
They went up onto a front porch and into a small hallway where a dim bulb burned high in the ceiling .
In Mack's the leader at camp , but Jack is here the is of the second main declarative represents is the leader and therefore has stress .
Like business and university groups generally , these men had very limited knowledge of recent sociological and psychological studies and findings that might illumine the decisions they make .
Why , then , aren't we planning a larger , more important role for manned military aircraft ? ?
The incomplete antibody activity appeared in the early part of the chromatogram ; ;
`` Dallas and Fort Worth can vote bonds .
He went to Key West every fall and winter and was the only man in town who did not know that his title of `` Commodore '' was never used without irony .
The very fact that they came so near to winning by the wrong method , war , led directly to their losing both the war and the wrong thing they fought for , since it forced Lincoln to free their slaves as a military measure .
And there must be many Soviet citizens who know what is going on and who realize that before they can hope to enjoy the full life promised for 1980 they and their children must first survive .
William A. Redding asserted that if the case had been heard in open court under rules of evidence , the testimony would have been completed in sixty days instead of five years .
To climax her Roman revels , she was thrown out of the swanky Hotel Excelsior after she had run naked through its marble halls screaming for help .
Van Brocklin , the quarterback who led the Eagles to the title , was signed by the Vikings last Wednesday .
But to the Minutemen , this is a serious business .
Her veil was caught to a pearl headdress , and she carried stephanotis and orchids .
The troopers knew an attack was coming , but they didn't know when , and they didn't know where .
I like them '' .
Locker-room talk often stresses the idea that a man is doing the girl a favor if he is forceful and ruthless during the first penetration .
Adios '' , I said , exhausting my Spanish vocabulary on my host and exchanging one of a scarcely-tapped store of smiles with my host's daughters .
This explanation of tone difficulties , however , does not apply in all languages .
She exclaimed .
She drank and pushed back her gingham bonnet to wet a kerchief and wipe her face .
Also , the state with the largest number of Negroes is New York -- not in the South at all .
The method used for computing the respective Federal and State shares in total program costs is specifically set forth in the Act .
A graduate of Hollywood High School , she likes to imagine herself , as she takes the floor , `` a village girl coming in to a festival '' .
With this he felt his lips thicken and his mind go slack .
but he presents it publicly so enmeshed in hypocrisy that it is not an honest one .
It will be good for you .
Most of the impact energy is spent in crushing and fragmentation .
During a round of target practice the sun comes from behind a cloud and dazzles the marksman , lowering his chance of a bull's-eye .
In the notation of the proof of Theorem 12 , let us take a look at the special case in which the minimal polynomial for T is a product of first-degree polynomials , i.e. , the case in which each Af is of the form Af .
That word was withheld when the need of it seemed the measure of his despair .
North and south , east and west , back and forth he sailed in the land-locked bay , plowing furiously forward until land appeared , then turning to repeat the process , day after day , week after week .
The Department expects and receives no thanks from Congress for its discretion .
John recognized Ablard Corne and called out a greeting .
The American dream was compounded of many strains .
Marlin's latest is also designed for the beginning shooter , although it's a full-sized rifle with plenty of barrel weight and ample stock .
she `` labored & thought she shuld effecte '' it but her husband said that `` we shuld wynne it by the sworde '' .
In describing the initial Allied occupation of a middle-sized German city , the picture has color , pictorial pull and genuinely moving moments .
I did so because I agree with so many here today , that he is the beloved Speaker of all the people of the United States .
She had -- he informed her -- kidney trouble , liver trouble , and a severe female disorder .
This is a black swamp clay in which about one hundred million years ago cypress-like trees were growing .
One of those delightful surprise additions , which so frequently occur in jazz programs , was an excellent stint at the drums by the great Joe Jones , drumming to `` Old Man River '' , which seems to have been elected the favorite solo for the boys on the batterie at this year's concerts .
From Milan came the young Chevalier De Litta , an officer in the service of Malta .
It must be granted that the flouting of convention , no matter how well intentioned one may be , is sure to lead to trouble , or at least to the discomfort that goes with social disapproval .
Here's your feed additive guide for ruminants :
and ground had been broken for the superintendent's home .
Perhaps the engineers can find out what causes all the congestion and suggest methods to eliminate it .
Facilities in the area .
Thanks for your good coverage of Ahmad's visit , too ! !
I looked .
The President asks the support and cooperation of Congress in his efforts through the enactment of legislation to provide federal grants to states for specified efforts in combating this disturbing crime trend .
It does not appear that we will be delivered from our situation by articles on The National Purpose .
Volume 2 , contains data for forty-two classes .
It cannot , however , be referred to by electronic switch commands , e.g. , ESN , BSN , etc. .
My father would have done it if it hadn't been for my mother , who had a fear of being in debt to anyone -- even Alfred Alpert .
This is a vital part of their spiritual growth and assimilation .
`` Sally '' , admonished her mother , `` you've got all evening to visit with Dan .
In the brief moment I had to talk to them before I took my post on the ring of defenses , I indicated I was sickened by the methods men employed to live and trade on the river .
Save for brief periods in garrison or winter quarters , soldiers rarely enjoyed the luxury of a writing desk or table .
And all because of Domokous ! !
Ulyate drew back with a start , and put finger to lips , almost afraid to move or whisper lest it set her off , `` The dogs have got her bayed .
We decided to leave the third one intact for tomorrow .
Mike was slow getting into the box this time .
Since none of these glimpses of poetizing without writing is intended to incorporate a signature into the epic matter , there is prima-facie evidence that Beowulf and the Homeric poems each derive from an oral tradition .
For this must be the project of the whole American people .
trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; ;
He outplayed Palmer all around the course and finished with a tremendous 65 to Palmer's 71 .
The bed isn't made , but you'll find plenty of blankets there '' .
Vicky Kowalski meanwhile learned that several of her fellow students had collected almost $25 for her family during the lunch hour yesterday at Fuhrmann Junior High School , 5155 Fourteen Mile road east .
`` I wish you good luck , but please don't dig up too tough a case for me this close to election .
The case histories provide some interesting illustrations of ideological diffusion , embodied in the unwed mother's inability to identify independently a given value system or behavior pattern , , and her subsequent disinclination to assume any individual responsibility for her sexual behavior .
Without preliminaries , Esther asked him , `` If you are a world citizen , will you take Garry Davis' place in his tent while he goes to the hospital '' ? ?
He should be , as Dag Hammarskjold certainly was , a citizen of the world .
She lived and was given a name .
I have calculated that if I could snap my fingers in one magic gesture to release the power of all the hydrogen in my body , I would explode with the force of a hundred bombs of the kind that fell on Hiroshima .
ordered an investigation of Lumumba's death ; ;
First , the present situation is too varied to be systematized by any single formula .
But to go from here to the belief that those more sensitive to metaphor and language will also be more sensitive to personal differences is too great an inferential leap .
The `` shooting '' went on for eight months ! !
)
Yet after long and earnest discussion Stalin accepted the Curzon Line and even agreed voluntarily that there should be digressions from that line of five to eight kilometers in favor of Poland in some regions .
In a time when poetic style , and poetic belief as well , seem in a state of continual flux , Hardy stands out as a poet of almost perverse consistency .
Only the amethystine python and the anaconda must be excluded for lack or paucity of data .
Large , long-range bombers can be developed which would have the capability to take off from 3,000-foot runways , but they would require more powerful engines than we have today .
There were other Italians who still bore scars they had earned in police station basements , resisting .
and a mere cost apportionment which somehow spreads among the classes and units of service even those costs that are strictly unallocable from the standpoint of specific cost determination .
Maybe yes , maybe no , but you can observe everything from the roof of a barrack we are building '' .
Very angry at Woodruff , the governor used his personal influence to have the printing contract withdrawn from The Gazette and awarded to the lowest bidder , which , by a strange coincidence , happened to be Pike's Advocate .
8 .
They passed the marmalade , the bread , the black-market butter , back and forth .
A careful student has suggested that `` In any new revision ( of the Judicial Code ) the legislators would do well to remember that the allocation of power to the federal courts should be limited to those matters in which their expertise in federal law might be used , leaving to the state judiciaries the primary obligation of pronouncing state law '' .
Be careful that you keep adequate coverage , but look for places to save money .
Prohibition was the law of the land , but it was unpopular ( how many of us oldsters took up drinking in prohibition days , drinking was so gay , so fashionable , especially in the sophisticated Northeast ! !
I wasn't sure there were such people anywhere in the world .
When the chance came , they first eliminated cold cereal once a week , then gradually converted to hot fresh-ground cereal every day .
Wilson made up his mind that he must receive at least $2,500 , but when he mentioned this to the Deacons they said nothing .
On the other hand , we cannot regard artistic invention as pure , uncaused , and unrelated to the times in which it occurs .
I resented them .
You see , she's on a diet .
`` In a year she'll like living in Clayton's house too much to come back to me '' , Brannon said flatly .
When the Yalta Conference opened , the American policy of postponing all discussion of Russia's western boundaries until the peace conference had broken down .
Fourth , in the meantime , it is necessary to remember that we have only begun to probe the environment immediately surrounding the earth .
We need many more studies of this sort if the design of written languages is to be put on a sound basis .
There seems to be an implied cultural value attached to the fact of core status within the group .
`` Don't worry about it , Dave .
The rationale for this avoidance was most frequently expressed in economic terms ; ;
The low intensity of the radiation from Saturn has limited observations , but again the measured radiation seems to be consistent with a thermal origin .
This is far from the vulgar , leering sexuality of the middle-class square in heat '' .
The primary reason for the abandonment of the `` shore occupied by '' thesis has been the assimilation and accumulation of archaeological evidence , the most striking feature of early English studies in this century .
Were any of us interested enough in the idea to do it for her , by proxy so to speak ? ?
Stalin declared that he preferred to continue the war a little longer , `` although it costs us blood '' , in order to give Poland compensation in the West at the expense of the Germans .
In the urban area , in other words , they , unlike some urban ethnic groups , do not concentrate in ghetto colonies .
In addition , the iodoamino acid formed in largest quantity in the intact thyroid is di-iodotyrosine .
Led by Bill Doolin , these mobsters specialized in train robberies but as a sideline they looted stores and robbed banks , making liberal use of their guns .
`` No .
That test , as President Kennedy forthrightly depicted it in his State of the Union message , will determine `` whether a nation organized and governed such as ours can endure '' .
However , it determined that neither this factor , nor `` the fact that all concerned in high executive posts in both companies acted honorably and fairly , each in the honest conviction that his actions were in the best interests of his own company and without any design to overreach anyone , including Du Pont's competitors '' , outweighed the Government's claim for relief .
`` From time to time since the present war began there have been reports that one or more of the Axis powers were seriously contemplating use of poisonous gas or noxious gases or other inhumane devices of warfare .
But at long last came a time when I broke away from Mother and her society `` chi-chi '' in order to spend a cosy evening with Viola and her chaperon at her home .
Miss Julia was a hard woman with a dollar .
The cells were washed three times with saline , anti-human serum was added , the cells were resuspended , and the mixture was centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 min and examined for agglutination .
Maintaining his clutch on the hair , Matsuo watched the closed eyes while rummaging in the jacket pockets .
The notch should have a smooth finish so that the steel dog will slide easily over it .
It is understood that : ( A )
Unfortunately , in our rush to beat the Russians , we have forgotten these truth-packed words of Jesus Christ : `` What shall it profit a man , if he shall gain the whole world ( that includes outer space ) , and lose his own soul ? ?
That he mastered every aspect of his medium according to his own great talents and contemporary judgments , is a good and solid symbol of his people under the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and practising the rigors of a new culture ; ;
It will probably explain more of my attitudes toward society than any other phrase or principle could .
`` I know , but there must be some other explanation .
It's a wonder , really , to how much mendacious trouble Larkin puts himself to sell the Jerebohms that preposterous manse .
It read : `` Shot in the lumbar region '' .
It should also make him desire to participate actively in civic , school and religious life of the community so that that phase of Newark will live up to the challenge presented by this exhibit .
In some countries the trend has gone further than others : Mexico , Panama , and Venezuela are displaying open sympathy for Castroism , and there is no country -- save the Dominican Republic whose funeral services we recently arranged -- where Castroism and Anti-Americanism does not prevent the government from unqualifiedly espousing the American cause .
This thoughtful gesture was well received by the Juniors as the Class had an entry of 46 Juniors and it took approximately one hour , 45 minutes to judge the Class .
They passed ranches that were framed dark gray against the black hills .
The energy for any isothermal work done by the perfect gas must come as thermal energy from its surroundings .
On the shores north and south , the fishers and mooncursers -- smugglers -- lived along the churning Great South Bay and the narrow barrier of sand , Fire Island .
Poetry in Persian life is far more than a common ground on which -- in a society deeply fissured by antagonisms -- all may stand .
The young apprentice apparently did well by Mr. Brown , for in the third year of his apprenticeship Lucian was offered a full partnership in the firm ; ;
The threshold mass is derived from the momentum threshold with the assumption of a mean impact velocity of Af in the U.S. work and Af in the U.S.S.R. work .
Mr. Trimble has been in the hospital but is expected back Tuesday .
It was not even certain the shot had been fired from either hotel .
Alec's glance went to a chart of guest names and room numbers hanging on the wall behind the clerk .
In an hour remembered for its almost rudderless movement , a score of jazz luminaries went before the cameras for lengthy periods .
But by the time the risk was doubled , events had dismissed from his mind both increased percentages and a previously stated intention of considering carefully anything more serious than a bout of influenza .
( See Chapter 9 .
The uniform fiscal year eliminates interest charges on money borrowed in the form of tax anticipation notes .
Eh '' ? ?
He does not know whether to look up or look aside , to put his hands in his pockets or to clench them at his side , to cross the street , or to continue on the same side .
Then , abandoning the studies in the face of their promising outlook for all concerned , B. & O. entered on-again-off-again negotiations with C. & O. which resulted in the present situation .
The common belief was that there existed one moral order , which included everything .
To measure the volume of one of the combustion chambers in the cylinder head , install the valves and spark plug in the chamber and support the head so that its gasket surface is level .
These findings , and others which will in time be developed , will affect the method of glottochronological inquiry .
The second baking was for photographing when told she was a finalist .
Higher tolls are planned for July 1 , 1961 , on the Richmond-Petersburg , Va. , Turnpike , and proposals for increased tolls on the Texas Turnpike are under study .
First priority will be given to the preparation of a meaningful state guide plan to serve as a background for all other planning activities in the state .
They did washing .
But the two do not invariably or even typically coincide .
File to a smooth finish .
If love reflects the nature of man , as Ortega Y Gasset believes , if the person in love betrays decisively what he is by his behavior in love , then the writers of the beat generation are creating a new literary genre .
Anticipating delivery of medicines and yeast by plane , Granite City citizens formed an airfield committee and with the aid of quarrymen and the 172nd Infantry , Vermont National Guard , laid out runways on Wilson flat , high on Millstone Hill .
And they have never changed .
When it was finally pointed east , he said , `` You should never have come out here alone .
We therefore leave the writer to the enjoyment of the unenvied reputation which the personal abuse he has heaped on us will entitle him to from the low and vulgar herd to which he belongs '' .
Last Friday the White House announced :
I had also thought a lot about how God must look on true love , and so in a way I was keeping my promise to God , my promise to remain pure until I was married .
`` OK , Tilghman , I'm quitting '' .
Only , this old man's connivance was even less to her taste than Selma Cotter's open censure .
But I promised Joyce I would mention her name , if at all , only as a last resort .
The sun grew hotter as it approached the midday .
''
Despite the clarity of his presentation , his idea was not of Einsteinian calibre .
This is not the sort of thing most politicos would care to acknowledge publicly .
`` You're afraid to talk to a guy you idolize '' .
rim-fires .
bushes swished and scratched at her slacks ; ;
A quick touchdown resulted .
The United Nations Charter sets forth standards which , if adhered to , will promote peace and justice throughout the world .
He assembled a group of 25 men , composed of wounded troopers awaiting evacuation , the company clerk , supply men , cooks and drivers , and led them to the hill .
The suit was filed later in the day in Common Pleas Court 7 against the Hughes company and two bonding firms .
The first of which to find important place in our federal government was the graduated income tax under Wilson .
Five or so minutes later the marine abruptly pulled up and stepped into sunlight , immediately throwing his hands over his eyes .
If goodness and badness lie in attitudes only and hence are brought into being by them , those men who greeted death and misery with childishly merry laughter are taking the only sensible line .
The notion of philosophy as Queen Bee may fit well with authoritarian modes of political ideology , but it has been noted that the price of such an imperial notion of philosophy is the frustration and flagellation of the social sciences .
The lady's eyes , unmagnified , bugged out .
Language was no problem anyway ; ;
My advice , if you live long enough to continue your vocation , is that the next time you're attracted by the exotic , pass it up -- it's nothing but a headache .
Why should this suddenly assail her ? ?
He had barely assumed his stance there when a fat fellow charged through the doorway .
Pfaff succeeds Martin Burke , who resigned .
For the aged horses : Mr. Budlong , p , 2:00.2 , Lottie Thomas , p , 2:04.2 , Mighty Signal 2:03 , Clever Braden , p , 2:01.1 , and Glow Star , p , 2:02.3 have been in 2:35 ; ;
Then the wind died and the rain squall held steady .
Narrative time and film time
and he wrote also the masterpiece of frontier humor , `` The Big Bear Of Arkansas '' , in which earthy realism is placed alongside the exaggeration of the backwoods tall-tale and the awe with which man contemplates the grandeur and the mysteries of nature .
`` I've got this sunburn '' , said the note , `` and I used some of your hand lotion .
Mizell has won both of his starts .
Does Lincoln Mills suggest that if Congress granted jurisdiction over interstate divorce cases , the federal courts would be authorized to fashion a national law for the dissolution of marriages ? ?
Survivors include a son , Charles R. Fergeson , Memphis , Tenn. ; ;
Powers was covering the remaining guard .
Substance Z , an active urinary peptide , was purified by extraction in organic solvents and repeated column chromatography ; ;
Science is fully competent to deal with any element of experience which arises from an object in space and time .
He and Penny would go out on tame elephants , raised from babyhood in the keddah .
She looked up and saw that , without knowing it , Mrs. Coolidge was holding it aloft .
`` Now isn't it better to smile '' ? ?
Boyer is suffering from a stiff neck .
O'Banion tucked away his gun and walked out of the theatre ; ;
In France , it remained always more picturesque , more dancelike , more full of flavor .
He spotted Docherty coming out of a room at the far end of the corridor and called to him .
7 )
It would challenge sharply not the cult of the motor car itself but some of its ancillary beliefs and practices -- for instance , the doctrine that the fulfillment of life consists in proceeding from hither to yon , not for any advantage to be gained by arrival but merely to avoid the cardinal sin of stasis , or , as it is generally termed , staying put .
He was invulnerable to attack , but he could be handled , Mickey knew , if he could be brought to make the first move .
It might be , indeed it had already proved to be a marriage without love , but it was marriage .
At December 13 , 1960 the fund held by the Industrial National Bank of Providence , as trustee for payment of past and future service pensions to qualified members of the plan , totaled $2,412,616 .
Actually , I shouldn't complain , I told myself in the shaving mirror .
In addition to direct protection measures , more intensive management of timber resources will assist in reduction of losses from insects and disease .
The Ruling suggests also that it applies to either a statutory or contractual reorganization .
It is significant that the Catskills , which used to be the summer playground for older teen-agers , a kind of summer suburb of New York , no longer attracts them in great numbers -- except for those who work there as waiters , bus boys , or counselors in the day camps .
The instrument used for this work was a slight modification of that previously described .
There are many such components of acceleration present due to the effect of wind gusts , engine noise , turbulence around the vehicle , etc. .
Can't hold her little white han' ! !
He imagined they were the kind whose tax returns were never examined ( if they were , they were never penalized ) , whose children had no unhappy romances , whose names never knew scandal .
Sedgwick had chosen to follow the philosophy of Epicurus whom , with his followers , Dante put in hell ; ;
A half hour later he got her up to go out for breakfast so the Ferraros , hearing them hurrying down the stairs , would think they were going to a late mass .
`` Oh , yes '' , I said , feeling annoyed , `` she was very pretty .
How best to destroy your peace ? ?
A disposition to exert themselves for my benefit would perhaps be a motive with some of them to come into the scheme .
So you thought I didn't mean what I said .
Mr. Crombie couldn't remember his saying any such thing .
The manservant Devol and his mistress , Delphine Lalaurie , were pursuing a young girl -- an octoroon of cameo-like beauty -- across the front lawn of the Lalaurie mansion .
`` I don't know .
It seemed long , at least to Tom Brannon .
Before the Draft Act was passed Baker had confidentially briefed governors , sheriffs , and prospective draft board members on the administration of the measure -- and the confidence was kept so well that only one newspaper learned what was going on .
Its poverty shows up immediately when compared with Tiepolo , where the rococo rises to painting of extraordinary profundity and power .
Modifications of the last technique have been applied by several groups of investigators .
In the new style , the Department was berated as intellectually barren and unable to produce the vital ideas needed to outwit the Russians .
At the Dumont , a guest had come in a collapsible wheel chair .
This negative explanation of courtesy on the freeways , however , does an injustice to Southern California drivers .
`` We do not have people in our organization termed ' consultants ' or ' fellows ' , who are specialists in one particular technical subject .
But she does indicate festivities will start early , that a jazz combo will `` give with the Basin Street beat '' during the cocktail and dinner hours and that Lester Lanin's orchestra will take over during the dancing .
This happened in Decatur , DeKalb County , not 10 miles from the heart of metropolitian Atlanta .
A brood of twenty-eight born at Brookfield Zoo , near Chicago , ranged in length from 22 to 33-1/2 inches and averaged 29 inches .
One day Alfred told him that he had decided to leave everything to me .
today there are 48,500 .
How , for example , could a Voltaire understand the strange predicament in which a Rousseau would find himself when , soon after the furor of his first Discourse , he acquired still another title to fame ? ?
Hughes would not comment on tax reforms or other issues in which the Republican candidates are involved .
The fact is simply that state-owned vehicles have remained in practically the same proportion as employees to use them .
Swinging up then , and bending forward over the horn , he urged his mount down the meandering draw .
Maude had the opportunity to take the bottle of opium from Sarah's room .
In the international community this reduced law to Jellinek's auto-limitation .
Mr. Stavropoulos is the U.N. legal chief and a very good man , but he is not fully versed on some technical points of American law '' .
Now , as then , it is a matter of jobs .
`` I beg your pardon '' ! !
Since Election Day , Vice President Richard Nixon had virtually retired -- by his own wish -- from public view .
for since it is nilpotent , the minimal polynomial for this operator is of the form Af for some Af ; ;
Bill Davis quartet of Hillsboro was second and baton twirler Sue Ann Nuttall of Reedville third .
She smiled at him with benign , remote happiness ; ;
Cruel Burmese governors could , on the slightest whim , take a man's life .
SBA can make complete facilities inventories of all small business concerns in labor surplus areas within budgetary and staff limitations .
Wilson , on his first Sunday , witnessed this with something like disgust .
These are not governmentally subsidized organizations .
In municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to democratize policy by increasing the power of parliament -- the elected representatives -- at the expense of the more conservative judiciary .
Speakers declared that Protestants often make use of it , if , perhaps , by some other name .
And it is also a fact of life that there will always ( be youngish half-educated people around , who will be dazzled by the glitter of what looks like a literary movement .
From my wife's experience and other sources , this seems to be rarely encountered in educated circles .
Certain individual giants recorded later did fail to show a reasonable difference after maturity , but it is impossible to know whether this is due to captive conditions .
The moving of millions of the German master-race , from the very heart of Junkerdom , to make room for the Polish Slavs whom they had enslaved and openly planned to exterminate was a drastic operation , but there was little doubt that it was historically justified .
What in The Almagest draws his fire ? ?
The Chenoweth brothers were experienced bridge builders , and against the competition of other , and better known , bridge designers and builders they had constructed nine of the covered , wooden bridges on the Parkersburg and Staunton Turnpike a dozen years before , as well as many other bridges for several counties .
By relaxing the throat muscles and expanding the oral cavity well into the frontal sinuses , she could direct the vowel sounds into the most felicitous position for proper reproduction through her throat microphone .
Around the table sit Protestant , Catholic , and Jew .
They count on the aid of the neutral countries attending the Geneva conference to achieve this .
Green studs cost about $.65 ; ;
In the Middle East , Iraq , Syria and Egypt were , a short while ago , in the Western camp .
What plastics to use ? ?
`` I'll be waiting '' ! !
He finished the war as a major general , commanding a full division , and at 25 was the youngest major general in the history of the U.S. Army .
When I fell on my back , I saw a vulture hovering .
But Mr. Kennedy had become convinced that a personal confrontation with Mr. Khrushchev might be the only way to prevent catastrophe .
Printed material
Creighton Hague sat in his office above the Ione pit .
Lagrange's law says that its velocity is equal to the square root of the product of the depth times the acceleration due to gravity .
A conic , C , being a ( 1 , 1 ) curve on Q , meets the image of any line of Af , which we have already found to be a Af curve on Q , in Af points .
Thus some provinces contained tribes which detested each other , and to them independence meant an opportunity for war .
It was true .
Have we not actually developed idea worship ? ?
From there on , each Junior was going to be judged individually .
Or does he sincerely want to tap the real springs of American attitude and culture regardless of how unpopular and embarrassing they may be ? ?
Baker added : `` I pray you delivre these inclosed Letters And Comend mee to Mr. Rychard Mytton whoe I know will ffreind mee for the payment of this monei '' .
-- Is this , perhaps , one of the things that is wrong with our country ? ?
And Early Spring seized the whip and said :
In the story of Bright and the Corn Law agitation , the Crimean War , the American Civil War , and the franchise struggle Trevelyan reflects something of the moral power which enabled this independent man to exercise so immense an influence over his fellow countrymen for so long .
It could reach key tactical points faster than infantry and destroy them or hold them as the case might be for the foot soldier .
And this in addition to his usual fear of being among people of high society , his fear of making some inane or inappropriate remark .
In most of the less developed countries , however , such programing is at best inadequate and at worst nonexistent .
The epic poems , the consolidation of the Greek pantheon , the rise of firm political units , the self-awareness which could permit painted and sculptured representations of men -- all these had to await the progress of following decades .
Initially , the flagellated protozoa predominated , but they soon gave way to the free swimming ciliated protozoa .
In front of him is a gold phone .
for example , a plan that fulfills the will of God , which advances the Kingdom of God , which involves social life as part of the Grand Design .
Hemingway's fiction is supported by a `` moral '' backbone and in its search for ultimate meaning hints at a religious dimension .
She designed and supervised the building of the Harbert , Michigan , house , most of which was constructed by one local carpenter who carried the heavy beams singly upon his shoulder .
with more time I could have loosened a small burr or cotter pin --
The Pirates jumped off to an 11-3 start by May 1 last year , when the Redbirds as well as the Dodgers held them even over the season .
Charlie grinned .
At present all offenses must be taken to Sixth District Court for disposition .
The angry burnt-red face of Ryan greeted him .
)
Here artistic realism involves the audience in an impassioned participation in events whose overtones and implications are transcendent .
It is obvious enough that linguists in general have been less successful in coping with tone systems than with consonants or vowels .
A student who while in attendance at Carleton College participates in an athletic contest during the school year , other than that sponsored by the College , shall be permanently ineligible to participate in intercollegiate athletics at Carleton College and will also face permanent suspension from the institution .
`` Adults take a long time to convince and you are thwarted if you try to push '' .
In his effort to stir the public from its lethargy , Steele goes so far as to list Catholic atrocities of the sort to be expected in the event of a Stuart Restoration , and , with rousing rhetoric , he asserts that the only preservation from these `` Terrours '' is to be found in the laws he has so tediously cited .
Purchasing practices .
The children had to play away from the house ( in the barn loft or the pasture behind the barn ) , to maintain a proper quietness .
Cricket took eight ships and went south across the Straits and along the north coast of Mindanao to Cagayan .
Determine the average per capita income for the United States for the last three years .
For this latest addition to the Great Letters Series , under the general editorship of Louis Kronenberger , Miss Hardwick has made a selection which admirably displays the variety of James's genius , not to mention the felicities of his style .
Of the thirty-four , seventeen had been killed by lions , and eleven out of the seventeen by lionesses .
For this story of an American couple who meet and fall in love in Israel , Mr. Herman has written songs that are warmly melodious and dance music that sparkles .
In short , he is constantly concerned with the ethical effects .
He stooped , picked up his ruined hat , and pursed his lips thoughtfully .
''
Well , it hadn't been what it seemed , he'd had no idea the girl was in there .
But oh , how I do sometimes need just a moment of rest , and peace , in myself '' .
In Fig. 7-4 , the input axis of the three-axis platform is shown at some point on the earth .
``
Deep enough , he decided .
It went to his head , and his ambition increased .
`` You haven't dressed for the occasion '' ! !
`` Uhhu '' .
I think these attributes cluster , but I have no evidence .
Mantle is not normally given to public speaking -- or , for that matter , to private speaking .
Prior to that he was associated with Long Island University in Brooklyn .
Psychical blindness is a condition in which there is a total absence of visual memory-images , a condition in which , for example , one is unable to remember something just seen or to conjure up a memory-picture of the visible appearance of a well-known friend in his absence .
And I was curious about the African reaction .
Mark stopped the car and switched off the lights and they sat looking at the water , which , there being no moon out , at first could be distinguished from the sky only by an absence of stars .
He crawled into bed and switched off the light .
Similar restrictions on the strength of the Army National Guard contained in the 1960 Department of Defense Appropriation Act should likewise be dropped .
The other problem is the matter of financing the transition period in the several cities and towns .
Its life history is much simpler than that of the truly colonial bumblebees and can serve as an example of the life cycle of many other species .
Orlando , Oct. 10 ; ;
The sculptor looked at him , let the color drain out of his face , grinned , and looked down into his drink , a bad Martini made with raw Italian gin .
Today , M. Kegham was in Detroit , en route to join his wife and children in California .
It would be better for Joel and Uncle Randolph and Mrs. Tussle not to see them .
A useful comment on his relation to his region may be made , I think , by noting briefly how in handling Southern materials and Southern problems he has deviated from the pattern set by other Southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region .
From there it looked across at Westchester County and the Hudson River where the manor houses , estates , and big farms of the original ( non-Indian ) landowners began .
This was senseless -- he had no idea what to look for .
As far as I'm concerned , it was a separate matter from the general Committee study of Bang-Jensen's conduct .
If the house you plan to buy or build won't have big overhangs , you can still do a fair job of keeping the sun off walls and windows with properly designed trellises , fences and awnings .
`` Oh , he'll be a plumber '' , came the answer .
Hmpf But on to the frothier side Johnny Weissmuller , the only real Tarzan , telephoned Maureen O'Sullivan , his first `` Jane '' ( now at Drury Lane ) and muttered , `` Me Tarzan , this Jane '' ? ?
At the meeting of the Board of Trustees , on March 3 , 1910 , Miss Upton presented the annual report of the President .
The unit consists of a small motor that goes on as soon as it is plugged in .
To the Zen monk the universe is still populated with `` spiritual beings '' who have to be appeased .
I lived in a state of suspense because of it .
With the growing complexity of markets and intensity of competition , sales management , whether at the district , region or headquarters level , is a tough job today -- and it will be tougher in the future .
Jack :
Moisture ran down the cheeks , gathered at the tip of the nose , and at the chin .
There does not seem to be any reasonable basis for distinction either in terms of the nature of the tax attribute or in terms of tax-avoidance possibilities .
Poet nodded to Nick and entered the water in a similar fashion .
One good indication of the two men's personalities is the way they reacted to meeting their own heroes .
And their chroniclers are not the dramatic poets but the prose novelists .
Does it attempt to rewrite modern history by blaming American statesmen for wars , Communism , depression , and other troubles of the world ? ?
The morning air was filled with the sweetish odor of new-spilled blood , the acrid stench of frightened horses , and the bitterness of burned powder .
Funeral services for Mrs. Kowalski and her daughter , Christine , 11 , who died of burns at the same hospital Monday , have been scheduled for 10 a.m. tomorrow in St. Anne's Catholic Church , 31978 Mound , in Warren .
When it was all arranged to fit , and not to interrupt the lengthwise flow of movement in the frieze , the cartoons were tried in place .
I just came over to make sure everything was all right '' .
When this proposal was made , Stalin spoke with stronger emotion than at any other time during the Conference .
But even if we cannot see the repulsive characteristics in this new image of America , foreigners can ; ;
All kinds come to walk in the promenade : merchants from the bazaar bickering over a deal ; ;
It's those two fucken niggers ! !
Dried rumen bacteria .
The most recent film catalogue , available at each library , lists 110 titles presently in the collection , any of which may be borrowed without charge .
end of film .
But then one day , while on a week's visit to the country home of a retired Swiss jeweler , Rousseau amused the company with a few little melodies he had written , to which he attached no great importance .
`` Zeros '' ! !
The choice of P and N determines the binomial distribution uniquely , and different choices always produce different distributions ( except when Af ; ;
Modern physics has developed the theory that all matter consists of minute waves of energy .
They were a sight more comfortable than the ones in the jail with the cold air from Hirey's air conditioner coming through the grille '' .
The industry is so structured that price-setting by a multi-product company will vary with the way overhead charges are allocated -- whether marginal or average pricing is applied .
the lush and historic charm of the South .
it has been estimated that spending by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration will rise from less than $500 million in fiscal 1960 to more than $2 billion by 1967 , and that the electronic industry's share of these expenditures will be closer to 50% than the current 20% .
The cubist generation before World War 1 , , and , on a lower level , the surrealists of the period between the wars , both assumed an accepted universe of discourse , in which , to quote Andre Breton , it was possible to make definite advances , exactly as in the sciences .
Enlargement of the City Council and a new method of selecting members will be discussed tomorrow .
the gray hairs , the eyeglasses , bodies that are too thin or too heavy ; ;
Mantle has kept the vow .
`` Fifteen minutes , then ! !
If we have five problems whose solution we seek in relatively united fashion , then there are twice as many issues which , I judge , sharply divide us , intergroup relations practitioners and lay people .
`` Pack -- and get out '' ! !
He demanded , when Lord confronted him .
For a number of years , there have been sporadic attempts in California to organize farm workers .
And fats .
His pianist was Donald Jenni , a faculty member at DePaul University .
he would look right through you while you were talking to him , and if you said , `` For Christ's sake , Donald , you've got Prussian blue all over your shirt '' , he would smile , and nod , and an hour later the paint would be all over his pants as well .
churches that have a carefully planned program of membership preparation and assimilation often keep 85 to 90 per cent of their new members loyal and active .
and it is better to be shamed and criticized by one's parents , who already consider one different and difficult to understand , than by one's peers , who are also experiencing a similar groping for and denial of adult status .
I'll pull the boards back and then get us a light .
For example , out of the social evils of the English industrial revolution came the novels of Charles Dickens ; ;
then we shall perhaps be in a position to provide something like a complete answer to the question at hand .
At the opening of the Dusseldorf show , Thompson himself scarcely glanced at the treasures that he was seeing together for the last time .
( Divide the amount being allotted by the result obtained in item 9 above .
I'll see word gets round '' .
For preparative ultracentrifugation , fractions from the column were concentrated by negative pressure dialysis to volumes of 1 ml or less , transferred to cellulose tubes and diluted to 12 ml with isotonic saline .
As an anchor for the spring lock , insert a Af bar in the lower left corner of the frame as shown in Fig. 7 .
Snatching the lantern from its peg , he shattered its globe with a blow against a post .
Although he is not graced with the subtleties of romantic technique , that's not what an ex-prize fighter is supposed to have , anyway .
I called the other afternoon on my old friend , Graves Moreland , the Anglo-American literary critic -- his mother was born in Ohio -- who lives alone in a fairy-tale cottage on the Upson Downs , raising hell and peacocks , the former only when the venerable gentleman becomes an angry old man about the state of literature or something else that is dwindling and diminishing , such as human stature , hope , and humor .
) Did his mother make him this way ? ?
He found , as he had suspected , a general consensus that perhaps over half of the present functionally designed course was not really functional for these students .
I once heard a comedian say that if you are killed by a taxicab in New York , it is listed as `` death due to natural causes '' .
she was one of Eliot Sparling's neutralized minorities , adopting the rolling R's and constricted vowels of Los Angeles .
`` I'll be all right .
Sitting quietly on an equally big pork barrel was another Judge Smith ally , Georgia's Carl Vinson , chairman of the Armed Services Committee .
So , for all practical purposes , it was an independent nation and by now had its own organized government ( unrecognized outside its own borders ) .
The Clinico-pathologic Conferences have been acknowledged as of great value and in consequent great demand by the small isolated military hospitals .
Wendell Phillips ( 1811-1884 ) , from a prominent Massachusetts family , in his teens was converted under the preaching of Lyman Beecher .
Patrolmen J. W. Slate and A. L. Crawford Jr. said they arrested Ronald M. Thomas , of 1671 Nakoma St. , NW , after he assaulted the officers .
I clamped a 30-inch piece of aluminum to the base of the planer with a pair of Sure Grips .
Outputs of the two systems are measured by a pulse-timing circuit and a resistance bridge , followed by a simple analogue computer which feeds a multichannel recorder .
for , in either event , the first possibility is excluded .
The desired amounts of inactive chlorine and radioactive chlorine were likewise condensed in these cells on the vacuum line following which they were frozen down and the manifold as a whole was sealed off .
and , now and in the future unlike in the past , any attempt to repel injury and to preserve any particular civilized attainment of mankind or its provisional justice runs some risk of nuclear warfare and the danger that an effect of it will , by human action , render this planet less habitable by the human race .
With the second murder over , he could have left , hidden the weapon in some vacant lot or an abandoned cistern in the neighborhood .
Best solution is to find an area that is predominantly sunlight or shade .
`` I got one question '' .
Greg climbed into the cockpit feeling as if he had never been in one before .
)
It gives , indeed , cause for rejoicing to remember what many catastrophes of the past produced ; ;
Sandman said : `` The announcement that Sen. Clifford Case Aj , has decided to spend all his available time campaigning for Mr. Mitchell is a dead giveaway .
Merger proposed
But companies continued to spring up .
Circular knitted fabrics to be subjected to restorative procedure 2 , ( knit shrinkage gauge ) .
Was it not possible , after all , that the forest was in league with her and her child that its sympathy lay with the Culvers that she had erred in failing to understand this ? ?
However , for convenience we will stick to the idea that information can be classified according to Table 1 .
Having received permission to give a camp reunion-Halloween party , she asked that I come and be her date .
The members of the `` family '' are drawn together by a common love for Christ and a sincere devotion to His Kingdom .
But it has been during the last two centuries , during the scientific revolution , that our independence from the physical environment has made the most rapid strides .
The red pills are a vitamin-and-iron compound .
Shakespeare is closer to Sophocles than he is to Pope and Voltaire .
Within a few years the Scots , engaged in breaking the thick sod and stirring the rich soil of the valley , were joined by a group called Meurons .
This is an area in which there is still a large backlog of demand .
Kate had walked past the school on her morning chores and had seen the whole incident , had seen Joel's burning humiliation before Miss Snow's cold , bespectacled wrath .
In reply to a question of whether they now tax boats , airplanes and other movable property excluding automobiles , nineteen said that they did and twenty that they did not .
Now what is perfect motion ? ?
Problems to solve
As you've doubtless forgotten the circumstances in the press of more recent depredations , permit me to recapitulate them briefly .
Moore said , `` Come on , Jed , I have to get to my men '' .
It all takes place in the eighteenth century .
For the same reason , the output fiber plate is planoconcave , its exposed flat side permitting contact photography if a permanent record is desired .
Fire Fighters Local 798 , which is sponsoring the toy program for the 12th straight year , issued a call for San Franciscans to turn in discarded toys , which will be repaired by off-duty firemen .
Nevertheless he had ample opportunity to contest the statement before the appeal board .
I sat and watched proceedings .
Even if he angry , Tim wouldn't hurt a woman .
`` Be quiet , Devol ! !
It's perhaps a mile from here where we sit .
Chilblains were also treated with tincture of capsicum or cabbage leaves .
They evaluate and nominate candidates for appointment and promotion .
Soup is often the important dish at supper .
and she had an appetite for learning that could not be denied .
Tampering with the Post Office may infuriate every voter who can write .
I granted this might be so , but found the result to be even more attention to form than was the case previously .
A short report and a good one
Not content to create only the music and lyrics , Noel Coward also wrote the book and directed Sail Away ( Capitol WAO 1643 ; ;
In fact , it is in just such a situation that the profundity of Bultmann's argument is disclosed .
I am getting dividends on only 50 shares .
`` Looky '' .
Six red lines etched their way into the gray and vanished .
when his Holiness Pope John 23 , first called for an Ecumenical Council , and at the same time voiced his yearning for Christian unity , the enthusiasm among Catholic and Protestant ecumenicists was immediate .
Is your sporting firearms and ammunition department primed for the expanding horizons ? ?
It has not been extirpated by ten years of Communist depersonalization .
It may establish the relation of the figure of the dancer to light and color , in which case changes in the light or color will set off a kaleidescope of visual designs .
his fists clutched so tightly that his knuckles hurt .
As she goes , she herself will be illuminated .
they had orders to that effect straight from President Kennedy , who thought at first , as did most others , that it was four followers of Cuba's Fidel Castro who had taken over the 707 .
Such systems are expensive and are oriented geographically .
Then it will be a `` fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God '' if you have abused Him in your hands .
Nor in South Georgia , where the summer sun shines warmly and gives early life to the things growing in the flat fields .
`` And hungry '' , he said .
And now she could see him , looking uncommon handsome , standing there beside Sally Jackson and her folks in front of their trail-worn wagon .
diversity of fact , yes .
He must have thought I was a tourist .
A stock transaction for less than a hundred shares is executed via a special odd-lot broker on the floor of the exchange .
After signing a motion-picture contract , she came to America and had `` Goodbye , Mr. Chips '' as her first assignment after a year's wait .
On the basis of what they give us we can know how the young Caruso sang , appreciate the distinctive qualities of Parsifal under Karl Muck's baton , or sense the type of ensemble Toscanini created in his years with the New York Philharmonic .
To this end political authority is called upon to exercise its negative and coercive powers .
Crystal data
None noted at the Dumont .
Yet General Suvorov -- who had never forgotten hearing his adored Czarina declare that all truly great men had oddities -- was mad only north , northwest .
He was shaking with tension and it took him a couple of minutes to get his breath and settle down .
When dry they were fired to cone 06-05 .
I've got to take Danny away from Clayton before I lose him altogether .
The BOD of the influent to the pilot plant varied between 110 and 710 mg/l with an average of 350 Aj .
and after 1883 , was professor of astronomy at Brown University .
ground meats are usually prepared from scrap meats at the local level , whereas irradiation at economic volumes of production would require central processing and distribution facilities .
If clay is slightly out of shape , square straight sides with guide sticks or rulers pressed against opposite sides , or smooth round pieces with damp fingers .
A primary ingredient in these fields is imagination , and Tri-State Pipeline Corporation deserves a very good mark .
`` Singing '' as applicable to herself required research .
Poet a murderer ? ?
What killed them '' ? ?
( 3 )
The girl was not more than 16 .
Diametric opposition must persist as to the future course of prices , if there is to persist a market at all .
The Hotel Westmore proved to be one of the older hotels in Pearson City , and definitely second-rate .
Since April 15 , 1962 , is on Sunday your return for the calendar year 1961 will be timely filed if it is filed on or before Monday , April 16 , 1962 .
Absent-minded , subject to unexplained tears Jubal would have bet his life that if Anne were to witness the Second Coming , she would memorize date , time , personae , events , and barometric pressure without batting her calm blue eyes .
Do you know the trend in your cost of maintaining access roads and parking lots ? ?
`` If the day should ever come that foreign invaders swarm ashore along the Gulf Coast '' , the account reads , `` they can count on heavy opposition from a group of commando-trained telephone employees -- all girls .
special equipment required for registering respiration and for recording the contraction of smooth muscles under various conditions was developed by the Instruments Section ( Victor Jackman , W. C. Barnes , J. F. Reiss ) ; ;
.
His goal was to obtain a National League team for this city .
Music of the spheres
they make one inefficient three-men-and-a-helper team .
And he would have enjoyed it just as much if he had been a Nazi .
But we can say that since a writing poet , with leisure before him , would seem unlikely to invent a technique based upon frequent and substantial circumlocution , the kennings like the epithets must reasonably be ascribed to an oral tradition .
Entirely concerned with efficiency , he was merciless in criticizing people who made mistakes , condemning them to too great an extent .
In some parts of the country , however , a co-operative movement has begun to grow , under the wing of state governments , whereby , with the financial help of the state , libraries share their book resources on a county-wide or regional basis .
The boy skipped along beside me , and he was contented with what he had done .
This was one time I'd have gladly broken my own rule , but habit was too strong .
All subsequent measurements were made on material which had been heated to 375-degrees-C for one hour .
Muller's would have to be one of the half dozen almost directly opposite .
The marine's eyes opened , squeezed shut , then opened squinted in the glare .
The Faget appointment was preposterous on several grounds .
`` We've had any number of calls about you .
He did it because he knows for each guy he puts out of commission that's one less who might take his job away later on .
There was little enough time to contemplate them , however ; ;
Now , not only are there considerably more laity as students and professors at Oxford , but there are also numerous houses of religious orders existing in respectable and friendly relations with the non-Catholic members of the University .
It was so .
All scientific staff members will have the title , ' research-staff member .
and Alsatians may be .
For a time the President received hundreds of them every day , most of them worthless .
Until internal combustion became cheap , he had to be near a railroad siding and a trolley line or an existing large community of lower-class homes .
Even earlier than that he had resented the fact that I had been chosen to edit the club's Reporter .
You are both the same size .
It had a bucolic atmosphere that it has lost long since .
Thus shielded , we played many foolish games in comfortable unselfconsciousness ; ;
The Lord is the strength of my life ; ;
-- Richard J. Hughes made his Morris County debut in his bid for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination here last night with a pledge `` to carry the issues to every corner of the state '' .
Mr. Balaguer is in control , and opposition leaders have no further excuse to suspect his offer of a coalition government preliminary to free elections in the spring .
he made fresh coffee and searched through all the desk drawers for more cigarettes before thinking of her handbag , and found a crumpled stray cigarette at its bottom , which tasted peculiarly of face powder .
The objection will be raised that the most important role of philosophy in relation to social science has been omitted , namely the status of ultimate value questions and norms operative in the social sciences .
Since 1927 , fewer than a dozen men have made serious runs at Babe Ruth's record and each , in turn , has been thwarted .
otherwise , the cork dries and air enters to spoil it .
`` I never knew there were such neighbors and friends around me and my family .
Thus cortico-fugal discharges induced by topical application of strychnine to a minute area in the neocortex summate with spikes present in the hypothalamus and cause increased convulsive discharges .
One of the most important is economic .
They require completely sterile foods capable of being stored without refrigeration , preferably items already cooked and ready to eat .
The feeling of individual inferiority , defeat , or humilation growing out of various social situations or individual deficiencies or failures is compensated for by communion in worship or prayer with a friendly , but all-victorious Father-God , as well as by sympathetic fellowship with others who share this faith , and by opportunities in religious acts for giving vent to emotions and energies .
They recognized that slavery was a moral issue and not merely an economic interest , and that to recognize it explicitly in their Constitution would be in explosive contradiction to the concept of sovereignty they had set forth in the Declaration of 1776 that `` all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights , that among them are life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
The sky glowered down at them .
In other words , the Secretary General is to be a nonpartisan , international servant , not a political , national one .
He went upstairs to phone Crumb .
And this , of course , is exactly what Madison Avenue has been accused of doing albeit in a primitive way , with its `` hidden persuaders '' and what the space merchants accomplish with much greater sophistication and precision .
The magistrate tonight refused to return to the five $29,000 in American and British currency , mostly $20 bills , and in British government bonds and stocks .
The careless writing was in keeping with his mood of savage discontent .
Their flight was delayed , Dunn said , when a boarding ramp inflicted some minor damage to the wing of the plane .
It might have rained , any time ; ;
Insulate , weatherstrip , double-glaze to the maximum .
To avoid suspicion of bigotry , let the hand of vengeance be stayed until the meat-wagon has picked up the twenty-five thousandth corpse ; ;
Success may mean merely the displacement of Western influence .
I noticed that he was in Unit 12 and that he had registered under the name of Oscar L. Palmer and wife , giving a San Francisco address .
For the 1960-1961 season , The Carleton Players have announced Blood Wedding by Federico Garcia Lorca , The Knight Of The Burning Pestle by Beaumont and Fletcher and A Moon For The Misbegotten by Eugene O'Neill , with a pre-season production of The Glass Menagerie by Tennessee Williams .
Deadlock on tests
In general , it appears that educational decisions and educational policies are made by people who intend to act in the interests of the society as a whole .
Its essence lies in its attempt to recover previous order through the repression of disruptive forces .
We can see others more clearly than we can see ourselves , and others can see us better than we see ourselves .
The entire membership of the local church must be alerted to their part in this dynamic process .
`` Captain Jan must you go inside Majdanek ? ?
But there was no pressing need to maintain these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world .
This was the first word from Jensen on his sudden walkout .
Obviously , if colloidal particles bear charges of opposite sign or , if one kind is charged and the other kind is not , the attraction will be intensified and the tendency to agglomerate will be greatly reinforced .
But she went to him and pressed herself against his nakedness , smelling the stale odor of the whisky he had stolen from TuHulHulZote .
`` Join me in another '' ? ?
Coolest shade
Seidel joined the department in 1925 as a division fire warden after graduation in 1921 from the University of Michigan with a degree in forestry and employment with private lumber companies .
He drew a deep breath .
It was logical that he would come up with the figure of the modern jazz musician .
This relationship , however , is not maintained centrally .
Let us assume that it would be possible for an enemy to create an aerosol of the causative agent of epidemic typhus ( Rickettsia prowazwki ) over City A and that a large number of cases of typhus fever resulted therefrom .
So far as he knew , only his father could be there .
end ( Fresnel reflection ) losses ( R ) ; ;
that there were three children , two boys and a girl ; ;
This deprived him of liberty in Hong Kong , but he told Boats McCafferty that Hong Kong was a book he had read before , and the Navy would always bring him there again , some day .
They all know your foolish name '' ! !
the courage to meet every challenge ; ;
My discussion with reference to the resolution was that we should commend those citizens who serve as judges of election and who properly discharge their duty and polling place proprietors who make available their private premises , and not by innuendo criticize them .
`` Mr. Flannagan has been away for six weeks .
Thus twenty `` black souls '' were to remain ignorant of their imminent journey to the land of free men .
We served our national interests , and by so doing we saved the Guatemalan people the ultimate in human misery .
The Soviet news agency TASS datelined from New York in English to Europe :
My camp-made leather wallet , bulky with twisted , raised stitches around the edges , I stuffed with money I had been saving .
Studies conducted in various sections of the United States indicate that many children in elementary schools are maladjusted emotionally , and that many of them are failing to make satisfactory progress in school subjects .
Together we waited in her car until the hearse moved out and we followed it down into the heavy traffic of New Jersey .
They differed in the balance they believed essential to the sovereignty of the citizen -- but the supreme sacrifice each made served to maintain a still more fundamental truth : That individual life , liberty and happiness depend on a right balance between the two -- and on the limitation of sovereignty , in all its aspects , which this involves .
God's mercy and patience will last forever .
But he -- and all of China -- wears the scars of American indecisiveness , and he knows what an uncertain ally we are .
Sniffing its sweet smell and letting it fall to show its good crumbly consistency , he pointed to the nearby driveway and said , `` This soil used to be like that hard packed road over there '' .
It will continue all month .
It is a matter of trying to sort out an earlier fourth-century Saxon element from the later , fifth-century mainstream of Anglo-Saxon invasions .
Then he began to crawl again .
To innocence , a word given is a word that will be kept .
It will help to determine the attitude of the new members toward the Church .
Price support loans may total another $1 billion this year .
The framing scenes , on the other hand , both take place in the late Spring of 1940 , just at the moment of the defeat of France in the second great world conflict .
The plant was located west of the Battenkill and south of the location of the former electric light plant .
`` Dad .
He's past helping .
The Report together with other information suggests that desegregation in the schools is slow .
`` Probably '' , said Henrietta dryly .
Came to the Harbor as a bride and Don't worry Jed , this one is in the bag .
The policies which govern the program 2 .
We walked miles and saw various shrines and gardens .
As his feet slowed , he felt ashamed of the panic and resolved to make a stand .
good grass , good water .
On the third occasion -- another Big Four summit session at Paris a year ago -- there was no problem of an illusory `` spirit '' .
Such characters , with their low existence and often low morality , produce humorous effects in his novels and tales , as they did in the writing of Longstreet and Hooper and Harris , but it need not be added that he gives them far subtler and more intricate functions than they had in the earlier writers ; ;
It just got longer and longer '' .
Every night when he wanted a drink of water , didn't he practice being fearless by not turning on the bathroom light ? ?
Locked in motel
How much they knew about her ! !
Had the situation been reversed , had , for instance , England been the enemy in 1898 because of issues of concern chiefly to New England , there is little doubt that large numbers of Southerners would have happily put on their old Confederate uniforms to fight as allies of Britain .
today , these many years later , after all the temptations resisted or yielded to , the weasel satisfactions and the engulfing dissatisfactions since endured , I call it corrupting still .
When he wanted to emphasize , or get greater intensity , he added or subtracted clay .
What about Royal Robards ? ?
This shouldn't surprise the secretary ; ;
But if you're worried you can go home and check '' --
No group can contribute more to the success of the program than the editors and publishers of the Inter-American Press Association .
And then I remembered a few years before after their return from a short trip to Rome I had heard her boast , over and over again , `` On the boat people liked me for myself '' .
The work as it stands is not the entire book that Malraux wrote at that time -- it is only the first section of a three-part novel called La Lutte avec l'Ange ; ;
Thomas Mann wrote The Holy Sinner in 1951 .
Ann Wegener , Madison ; ;
Gather here
1 .
A suspicion was growing that Fidel Castro was a Communist .
The moon
What does he conceive his role to be in this area of social unrest ? ?
`` Louis Bromfield's writings excited me as a conservationist '' .
Otherwise , we go on endlessly trying to draw the line , color and other , as to which kind of man we wish to see dominate .
Arp protested : `` But it is impossible ! !
David reached for the pair of pistols in the saddlebags at his feet .
This would be cheaper to operate and could be used for cruises during the lean winter months .
But there hadn't been enough time to build it for keeps .
She pursed her lips , then clamped them together so tightly that I thought she was angry with me .
`` Remember to call me Jan '' , Andrei said .
What it does :
The angle generated by the platform servo **yf multiplied by G is the effective acceleration acting on the accelerometer .
And even deeper than that : his fear lest in this closed hall he should suddenly itch to relieve himself .
Although in both emotions sympathetic symptoms are present , different autonomic-somatic patterns underlie aggression and anxiety , respectively , as indicated by the rate of the excretion of the catecholamines , the state of the muscle tone , and the Mecholyl test .
There is so far no evidence to indicate conclusively that this coupling is under enzymatic control .
`` Somebody beat us to it '' ! !
The day before Election Day , to which we are entitled as a legal holiday , we were informed to report to our respective polls to work as `` workers of the party '' .
And for him to leave this job now without accomplishing anything would mean practically the end of his career in the Methodist church , if not in all churches .
Charles Harve , who recently won the `` Most Muscular Man '' subdivision award in the Mr. Canada event ; ;
But those among the Bourbons who remain unreconstructed go much further than this .
He bit out the words .
Continuous administration is not recommended for lactating cows .
In 1912 the United States Supreme Court adopted a new set of rules of equity which became effective on February 1 , 1913 .
And it is thought by many who think about such things that Quasimodo is the logical culmination of a school that started with Monet , progressed through Kandinsky and the cubist Picasso , and blossomed just recently in Pollock and De Kooning .
To encourage exploration for domestic sources of minerals , the Office of Minerals Exploration ( OME ) of the U.S. Department of the Interior offers financial assistance to firms and individuals who desire to explore their properties or claims for 1 or more of the 32 mineral commodities listed in the OME regulations .
Matthew 18 : 21-22 .
The inner life of congregations will prosper so long as like-minded people of similar social and economic level can fraternize together ; ;
In connection with any claim decided by the Commission pursuant to this Title in which an award is made , the Commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .
However , this does not mean that a child's teeth or jaws must necessarily resemble those of someone in his family .
The Barker system is based on the use of the smallest number of interfacial angles necessary for indexing purposes .
A shielded thermocouple was used to measure the upstream temperature of the transpiring gas .
He said this constituted a `` very serious misuse '' of the Criminal court processes .
If the mettle which Ellen exhibits has a bit of theatrical dross in it , never mind ; ;
He pointed out to the young musicians that the National Gallery `` is the only museum in the country to have a full-time music director , Richard Bales .
At the first restaurant he sensibly pulled up to go in for his dinner , and as a consequence did not see Cobb strike the open range at the mouth of the canyon and head straight across the swells for Antler .
One such event is the landing in Europe itself , when the mingled familiarity and strangeness of the Occident , after the blank immensities of Asia , shocks the returning traveller into a realization of the infinite possibilities of human life .
Part 4 , is a brief summary .
This is the atomic sun , the atomic nucleus .
Some psychologists , in fact , suggest that career-bound husbands often are more to blame for topsy-turvy marriages than their wives .
`` Love me , Johnnie '' .
Each time his objective had been the same -- a direct water passage from Western Europe to the Far East .
The March gain plus this optimism has been encouraging enough to prompt auto makers to boost production schedules for the next quarter .
`` Impossible '' .
His technique is genuinely masterful .
Thus , moral issues concerning the nature of the legal and political processes take on theological dimensions .
The West had long since forgotten the events of 1919 , but it was not so easy for the Red leaders , who felt that they had suffered great injustice in that period .
It was when she was seized as a material witness that she got the designation she liked best .
In an ideological argument , the participants tend to thump the table .
Many times I tried to reach you , but I never knew how .
They stayed in their own world on the bluff , waiting for letters and the peddler , bringing the news .
The fences on both sides of the road bristled with the barbed wire .
Finnegan woke up .
And until this protection is at least as concrete as , say , the row of hotels that bars us from our own sands at Miami Beach , those who represent us all should agree to nothing .
`` Now , now '' , Lucy said , approaching Susan with a handkerchief , mopping skillfully .
There is one big way we can help them .
The New York mind is two parts abstraction and one part misinformation about the rest of the country and in fact the world .
These trumps were more touching than they were anything else , and seemed to imply that the nights were long , her children ungrateful , and her marriage bewilderingly threadbare .
To include in feed , add phenothiazine to supply 0.5 to 1 gram per sheep daily .
You can get year-'round air conditioners in the same variety of styles in which you buy a furnace alone -- high or low boy , horizontal or counterflow .
The raw sewage was introduced directly under the turbine aerator to insure maximum mixing of the raw sewage with the aeration tank contents .
Walls of water rushed down the slopes and filled the hollows like the crests of flash floods .
The enemy came looming around a bend in the trail and Matsuo took a hasty shot , then fled without knowing the result , ran until breath was a pain in his chest and his legs were rubbery .
Atomic energy
U. S. willingness to accept a neutral Laos may have led Premier Khrushchev to believe that other areas could be `` neutralized '' on Soviet terms .
`` Yes , indeed .
The return of the Catholic hierarchy in 1850 was looked upon with indignant disapprobation and , in fact , was charged with being a gesture of disloyalty .
With faint heart and a brave smile , I endured his long absences from Chateau Belletch , his coldness , his indifference , his slights and his abuse .
`` Here , help me prop him up .
For each mass flow rate the arc voltage was measured .
Some mediums speak in practical , down-to-earth terms , while others may stress the spiritual .
The newcomer stalked toward them , and Kitty shied back , her hand to her mouth .
The thermal exchange of chlorine between Af and liquid Af is readily measurable at temperatures in the range of 180-degrees and above .
Upon all of them played the intellectual , social , political , and economic attitudes , institutions , and customs of the nation .
Colossians 27 .
Yet although the Kennedy Administration , and the Eisenhower Administration before it , have both declared themselves solidly for repeal of the Connally amendment , as contrary to our best interests , no action has yet been taken .
When a child fails to meet the standards of the school in his rate of learning , insecurity , unhappiness , and other forms of maladjustment frequently follow .
Quiet and energetic , cheerful and calm , she too was a power in the development of the seminary .
They went along the pass talking with each other for a short while until they came to a river roaring with torrent .
The concern they felt for me was such as I shall never forget and for which I will always be grateful .
She helped with teaching as well as office work for a few years -- the catalogues show that she had classes in geography , rhetoric and bookkeeping .
The son of a railway stationmaster , Schiele lived most of his childhood in the drowsy Danubian town of Tulln , 14 miles northwest of Vienna .
Rhode Island Heritage Week proclamation by John A. Notte , Jr. , governor
It is one of the most entertaining and irresponsible novels of the season .
Trevelyan contributed considerable new knowledge of the issues connected with his subject .
Even though in civil rights legislation in 1957 and 1960 the provision for the Attorney General to act was eliminated , should we nevertheless support such a clause ? ?
Instead she waited for Alfred to get better and take care of her .
Exclaimed Vera Forbes Adams , batting lovely big eyes behind glitter rimmed glasses .
Another identity crisis confronting the adolescent involves anticipation of achievement vs. work-paralysis .
While it is easy enough to ridicule Hawkins' pronouncement in Pleas Of The Crown from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` oneness '' of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage .
It may be that in this comment he has broken from the conventional pattern more violently than in any other regard , for the treatment in his books is far removed from even the genial irony of Ellen Glasgow , who was the only important novelist before him to challenge the conventional picture of planter society .
Three groups to meet
A careful and orderly man , who values precision and a kind of tough intellectual responsibility , might easily be put off by such a book .
Richmond , Virginia ; ;
She studied it for a long time .
better to give an asinine answer than none at all .
How much of an accident could that be '' ? ?
Moreover , it allows the present management to reassign vehicles so that mileage will be more uniformly distributed throughout the fleet ; ;
Fiscal uniformity : advantages and disadvantages
`` Oh .
`` Honey '' , he whispered .
Just because she had a part on the stage in the old country , she thought she could carry her head higher than ours '' .
This statement recalls the 1959 Berlin crisis , when President Eisenhower first told reporters that Berlin could not be defended with conventional weapons and then added that a nuclear defense was out of the picture too .
they will be faithful unto death .
Or was that after the torso and legs , waist to toe-tips , of the little girl which had grown from his side ? ?
Where I go , she goes -- and the kids with us .
The same can be said about the half-hearted Cuban invasion mounted by the administration last April , which , we trust , is not symptomatic of the methods to be invoked in holding off the felonious Khrushchev .
Folklore is individually created art that a homogeneous group of people preserve , vary and recreate through oral transmission .
I showed her the shower and tub , and she said , smiling , `` If you really don't mind , I think I'll get clean in the shower , then soak for a few minutes in your tub .
Adams firmly contended that the historian must never underrate the impact of the geographical environment on history .
The old woman arose stiffly and led me to a clearing where a small hut stood .
`` Me '' ? ?
the pottery of the first half of the eighth century is commonly called Ripe Geometric .
Nothing is peeled .
The sommelier brought the wine first , a magnum instead of the bottle I had ordered .
They , too , have fragments of the go code with them .
The best staining procedure with this purified Af consisted of staining with the conjugate for 30 minutes and washing in PBS for 15 minutes .
We'll woo the consumer with a product , not bludgeon him with chromed excess length and weight .
Marriage manuals and women's magazine articles began to stress the importance of the female climax .
Source program format
Only the Federal government is likely to be able to take a long-run and nation-wide view and to pay for training to meet national skilled manpower needs .
The boy hesitated .
`` What is it '' ? ?
your stock in trade ; ;
but when he passed us by , a musket roared , and he reared his horse , swung it around , and began to whip it back in the direction from which he had come .
The oil palm of West Africa yields edible oil from both the flesh and the seed or kernel of its fruit .
They were a pair of lost , whipped kids , Morgan thought as he went to bed .
They lay on the cellar floor in a disorderly pile .
China never tried to integrate Tibet by extirpating the people's religion and institutions .
But the rain came more heavily , and men and women in light summer clothes began to depart .
Soon they were picking their way along the edge of the stream which glowed in the night .
Investigations on the acceleration of human plasma cholinesterase were carried further .
Sigmen himself must have foreseen it .
The very proposition was sacrilege .
A special presentation was made to Mrs. Geraldine Thompson of Red Bank , who is stepping down after 35 years on the committee .
( 2 )
Roberta glanced up at her husband .
`` I can't hit anymore .
They enlisted the help of the New Jersey congressman , who has been able to trace the letters to the national archives , where they are available on microfilm .
With Mickey Mantle and Yogi Berra both out of action due to injuries , the American League champs still mounted a 15-hit attack against a parade of eight Cincinnati pitchers , the most ever used by one team in a series game .
He does not expect to be able to trammel up all the future consequences of his action .
I found myself becoming one of that group of people who , in Carlyle's words , `` are forever gazing into their own navels , anxiously asking ' Am I right , am I wrong ' '' ? ?
`` Y'all wanna walk -- walk '' , he said .
Benson said to Ramey .
However , there is a minimum of legislative restriction on boating .
`` It is a duty '' , said Hough , `` not to let pass this opportunity of protesting against the methods of taking and printing testimony in Equity , current in this circuit ( and probably others ) , excused if not justified by the rules of the Supreme Court , especially to be found in patent causes , and flagrantly exemplified in this litigation .
The North Koreans threw away their guns and fled across the rice paddies .
auto , the Sport-King , in two grades -- field and special ( less than $45 and just over $45 , respectively ) .
A fire had just been lighted , he saw , and things had been set out for drinks , and , like any stray , his response to these comforts was instantaneous .
Again among those jubilantly reunited bunkmates , I was shy with Jessie and acted as I had during those early Saturday mornings when we all seemed to be playing for effect , to be detached and unconcerned with the girls who were properly our dates but about whom , later , in the privacy of our bunks , we would think in terms of the most elaborate romance .
Throughout the early years of World War 2 , , reports persisted that the Axis powers had used gas -- Germany in Russia , Japan in China again .
Hence the prime issue , as I see it , is whether a democratic or free society can master technology for the benefit of mankind , or whether technology will rule and develop its own society compatible with its own needs as a force of nature .
Once in a while they said what a shame it was , with Granny dying , but they all agreed she wouldn't have wanted it any other way .
The convoluted sheets can be combined to attain certain cushioning effects mechanically rather than chemically .
Their old errors of judgment were equated , in the curious logic of the time , with present treasonous intent .
Six of the science teachers were present , and we had great fun .
We had merely been discovered by the pool sharks .
How could he be kind one moment and cruel the next ? ?
The pale blob of the woman disappeared .
What are the historical trends in this country and abroad in the extent to which these goals are effectively realized ? ?
The shadows cast by the personages of Greek and Shakespearean drama lengthen into a greater darkness .
`` I don't care .
They came in waves .
Many years later ( on August 3 , 1915 ) , Lucy Upton wrote Winslow's daughter soon to be graduated from Smith College : `` While I love botany which , after dabbling in for years , I studied according to the methods of that day exactly forty years ago in a summer school , it must be fascinating to take up zoology in the way you are doing .
We shall not be able entirely to pass over these connections to the East as we consider Ripe Geometric pottery , the epic and the myth , and the religious evolution of early Greece ; ;
By and large , Robert McEnroe's adaptation of Maurice Walsh's film , `` The Quiet Man '' , provides the entertainment it set out to , and we have a lively musical show if not a superlative one .
When the work was finished , we would walk .
Life had included him in its `` Modern American Artists '' series and had photographed him at his studio in the East Sixties ; ;
